# Intro

I wasn't really sure what to expect when visiting Yankee Stadium. I
had seen many pictures of the original Yankee Stadium that opened in
1923 and lasted until 2008. The old park seemed very imposing and
distinguished, but there was something off about the new stadium that
just didn't seem to match. But no matter what it seemed, I had to
visit it myself.

# Exterior

The exterior is actually a fairly faithful re-creation of the original
pre-renovation Yankee Stadium, with the limestone and all. However,
one thing that just kinda bugs me is the fact that the gate entrances
are slightly outset from the rest of the exterior wall; the original
Yankee Stadium did not have this. So that is one thing I am going to
nit-pick. The exterior of the upper deck is also wrong. In pictures of
old Yankee Stadium, it's more or less a continuation of the exterior
walls on the lower decks. However, with new Yankee Stadium, it's some
metal girders that just don't look that great. Perhaps the most
notable change of all is a light-up YANKEE STADIUM sign above
everything at the home plate gate, whereas with the old stadium, the
sign was aligned with the top of the upper deck. What should have
really been done is just forego this light up sign all together, and
just have some lights pointed at the YANKEE STADIUM that's already
etched into the limestone. The stadium is plenty big enough, and
everyone will already know what it is. This is purely for the
aesthetics, and would make it look much nicer in my opinion.

However, keeping the limestone look was definitely the right choice.
When the old stadium was renovated in the 70s, they painted it all
gray which made it look pretty bland. It very much matched the era,
but the old stadium wasn't <i>from</i> that era. So while I've listed
out some qualms I have with the exterior, the usage of the limestone
is not one of them.

# Concourses
The concourses are pretty bog-standard. They reminded me a lot of
Target Field, which makes sense since they were designed by the same
company and opened just a year apart. What is unique to Yankee Stadium
though is the historical museum-type locations around the park. There
was one that housed many of the Yankees World Series rings, with some
other historical artifacts. What is most well known though is Monument
Park, which is out in center field. Something pretty nutty about these
monuments is that they were <i>in play</i> at the old park for a
while, until the renovation. This was pretty cool, as the Yankees
honor all their greats and number retirees here. There is also the
Great Hall, which can be seen when walking in through at least the
home plate gate. I think I walked through here, but I can't remember
exactly.

However, besides that, the concourses and interior overall feel pretty
uninspiring to be honest. This is another big issue I have with the
stadium, that it just feels like a modern stadium with a Yankee coat
of paint, and lacks basically any character at all. Of course this was
magnified with my recent visit to Fenway Park, but it still holds
true. We spoke to some other Yankee fans who agreed with us, that the
character was extremely lacking.

# Field

The field dimensions inherit those from the original Yankee Stadium,
though the field shape is slightly different, and the distance between
home plate and the backstop has been drastically reduced. While the
MLB rules require a minimum of 325 feet down each of the foul lines,
the Yankees were understandably given an exemption from this rule.

# Game Experience

The game experience was honestly nothing amazing. I will note that we
saw the Yankees play a terrible Colorado Rockies team, and the
experience can be fairly opponent-dependent, but still. The only
notable thing really was Role Call, where the folks in the bleachers
will call out each fielders name until the player acknowledges the
fans, which is a cool bit.

# Conclusion

In conclusion, I was really not all that impressed with Yankee
Stadium. With a lack of character and somewhat lackluster effort to
match the old stadium, it was not what I was expecting or hoping for.
As a baseball stadium, it's really perfectly fine. But as Yankee
Stadium? There leaves much to be desired. While you won't usually find
me saying that the Yankees fans deserve anything, they did deserve a
better effort from the team when designing and building the park. As
such, I quite honestly have no desire to return to Yankee Stadium
under basically any circumstance. I would much rather pay a visit to
Citi Field, which per those same Yankee fans we spoke to, said is a
much better park than Yankee Stadium is. While I haven't visited Citi
Field quite yet, I expect to in 2025, as my dad and I plan to make
another trip east to attend Ichiro's Baseball Hall of Fame induction
ceremony.

While going to the stadium is probably worth it at least once, I'd
recommend not spending too much on tickets and visit the main sights
of the stadium.
