# Intro

My visit to Angel Stadium culminated my visit to the five California
MLB stadiums. I basically knew going into the game that this would
rank 4 of 5, and that's exactly what happened. So if that's what you
came here for, there you go. However, there's still plenty to write
home about regarding the park.

# Exterior

Like Dodger Stadium, it is surrounded by a parking lot. However, it's
built on completely flat ground, so you always enter on the first
deck. It's not exactly symmetrical, but it's pretty close. The home
plate gate is by far the most visually interesting, as it has two
giant Angels hats and a small pavilion for folks to wait in line and
mill about before and after the game. There are also many pillars that
are all connected with a beam, and in the spaces between the pillars
are featured Angels players. The entrance is marked with "Angel
Stadium of Anaheim". I'm not sure why they feel the need to have the
"of Anaheim" portion on there, especially since the Angels removed the
"of Anaheim" part of their name before the 2016 season. I didn't
bother including the "of Anaheim" bit on this page either, because
there's no other Angel Stadium it could be confused with.

# Concourses

Angel Stadium is triple-decked from the left field foul pole, to
behind home plate all the way to the right field foul pole. This was
the stadium's configuration when it opened in 1966, with no seats in
the outfield at all and the Big A scoreboard in left. The stadium is
also nicknamed the Big A because of that iconic scoreboard. In 1980,
the stadium was enclosed and triple-decked in the outfield as well, to
accommodate the NFL Rams. However, the Rams left after the 1994
season, and after Disney purchased the team, the stadium was
un-enclosed and the new configuration was finished in time for the
1998 season. Some of the second deck beyond right field was kept, and
in fact this is where I sat in the game I went to. This configuration
has remained in place. The walls down the left and right field lines
are extremely short, only 3 feet tall, which looks pretty odd.
However, anything taller and it would obstruct fans view.

Since this by default makes the outfield seats newer than the rest of
the park, I remember there being a slight line of separation between
the original concourse and the "new" one. If I remember correctly, the
floor material was linoleum, which I think was the first time I'd ever
seen that in a stadium. Unlike Dodger Stadium, there wasn't any great
hangout place that I can remember. I went up to the upper deck to get
a picture midway through the game, which is something I always like to
do if I can. I took the header picture while up there. Since there
were few enough fans where I went to get the photo, my friend Andrew
was actually able to take a picture with me visible, despite being so
far away. I was wearing a powder blue Mariners jersey, and even though
I'm a few pixels, I'm in there.

# Field

When the stadium opened, and during the enclosed period, the field was
symmetrical. However, upon the renovation, the outfield walls
consisted of just a few straight sections and sharply angled corners,
instead of rounded ones like near the left and right field foul poles.
The wall in right field is taller than the left field wall, though a
few years ago, a yellow line was painted in the middle of the wall, to
match the height of the wall the rest of the way around the outfield.
Any ball that hit the wall on the fly but was above the yellow line
would now count as a home run; before it would remain in play.

Beyond the center field wall is a rock sculpture with some waterfalls
and geysers, which is a neat set piece. Some fireworks launch out of
here when games start, when an Angel player hits a home run, and when
the Angels win.

# Game Experience

The game experience was solid. Food was decent, nothing amazing. None
of the food options jumped out to me like they did at Dodger Stadium.
While the Angels have been quite mediocre over the past several years,
they still draw pretty well, mostly because of Shohei Ohtani, who
needs no introduction. He actually started the game that I attended on
the mound, and lead off the game with a double.

One thing that the Angels like to do is the Rally Monkey, where they
put a dancing monkey on screen to try and incite a rally. They were
leading most of the game, so I can't remember if they did that or not,
but Andrew, who has gone to many Angels games let me know about the
tradition.

# Conclusion

In the end, Angel Stadium was a perfectly solid baseball stadium. It's
one that I wouldn't mind going back to for sure. It's not nearly as
nice as Dodger Stadium, and doesn't have as many distinguishing
features. While I wouldn't rank it as a must-visit, you can't go wrong
with it either.
