# Intro

This stadium was one I was fairly excited to see, though I think I was
more so excited to see the team that was playing that night, being the
Mariners. It also felt very much like going into enemy territory,
since the Mariners and Astros could be considered rivals with each
other, even though the Astros have kind of dominated the Mariners in
recent past. I'd imagine it'd be similar to a Giants/Dodgers,
Cubs/Cardinals, or Red Sox/Yankees fan visiting the other team's
stadium. So despite having seen two other in-division teams at their
home stadiums, this one felt the most significant. However, enough
about the team that plays here, and more about the ballpark itself.

# Exterior

The exterior of Minute Maid is pretty unique. The Astros, being an
expansion team, don't have an extremely old ballpark, and don't have a
ton of old history to play into either. However, they were able to
build on the site of a former train station, and incorporated that
into its design. The gates into the park look like train station
platforms, which is very neat. 

# Concourses

Minute Maid Park has three decks, as one would expect of a stadium
opened in the modern era. There are two decks beyond the right field
wall. The left field wall though barely has one deck, and I'll
elaborate on that more in the field section. However, you can still do
a full loop around the stadium on the lower deck, which I think has
been true of every stadium I've been to now, except for Wrigley in
2014, and even that I think has been changed.

# Field

The playing field is standard-ish, at least in right field and right
center. There used to be an incline with a flagpole in center field,
called Tal's Hill, which a lot of people miss but I personally was
never a huge fan of it. It always looked out of place and a bit
artificial, especially in a stadium that had a roof most of the time.

In left field however, there is a tall wall not too dissimilar from
Fenway Park, to make up for the short distance to the foul pole, at
only 315 feet. As a result, a lot of fly balls that would be outs in
other stadiums end up as home runs here. Even though the fence is a
bit farther out than Fenway, it's barely more than half the height of
the Green Monster, so baseballs don't need to be hit nearly as high in
the air for them to get out.

# Game Experience

I gotta admit, the game experience was quite good. Something I've
always envied about the Astros is that their stadium gets <i>loud</i>,
and despite the Mariners winning both games, we saw flashes of how
loud they could get. Admittedly the roof was closed both games, so
it's much easier to get loud when the noise can't escape anywhere, but
still.

The park seemed to have pretty good food options to, which is always
great to see. Something that piqued my interest was a Chick-fil-a
inside the park, although I later learned that the food items are
brought in from off site instead of cooked at the ballpark.

Since I visited in August, the roof was closed for both games, giving
us cool 70° F temperatures while it was still a sweltering 100°+
F outside. The air conditioning seemed to have more effect on the
lower deck though, as it was kinda sweaty in the top deck for the
second game. Still better than 100° F though, that's for sure.

# Conclusion

Despite my disdain for the Astros, they got their ballpark right. They
were able to mix in history with modernity and it works. I think it's
a great visit, though I'm not sure I'd quite put it in the must-visit
category, which is only reserved for a select few parks. But you won't
regret going if you get the chance!
