# Intro

The back half of the midwest trip involved a drive down to Kansas City, where
we went to a game at Kauffman Stadium. Kauffman is quite an oddball in the
history of current MLB stadiums, as it was the only baseball-only stadium built
right in the middle of the multipurpose stadium era. Another baseball-only
stadium wouldn't open until Comiskey Park (now Guaranteed Rate Field) in 1991.

If I remember correctly, I was pretty excited for Kauffman Stadium, as I had
heard pretty good things about it. It's also worth noting that since I went in
2016, this was the season directly following the Royals second ever World
Series Championship, which made this the first time I visited a stadium the
year following a World Series win.

# Exterior

Despite being a baseball-only stadium, you can really tell this was built in
the era of the multipurpose stadium. It was built far outside the city, with
plenty of parking, truly making the game and the game alone the event. Many
other parks I've been to have been to since Kauffman are surrounded by parking
like this, and they too were largely built in the multipurpose era.

Another clear indicator of the era this stadium was built in is the usage of
large round ramps to get between the separate decks. If you look at photos of
old multipurpose stadiums from the same time period, you'll see they are quite
prominent in those too. 

# Concourses

The concourses were pretty standard, I don't remember anything particularly
unique about them to be honest. However, the upper deck is pretty unique, as it
has a swooping shape on either end. Most parks have a consistent number of rows
the entire way to the edge, but Kauffman goes for a different approach. For
fun, I walked all the way up to the edge of the upper deck beyond third base to
sit in the seat at the end of the row.

I have to mention the fountains beyond the outfield, which are a very cool set
piece for the stadium. Due to the fountains, there aren't many seats beyond the
outfield walls, and there isn't any upper deck at all out there, giving almost
completely uninterrupted sight lines to the outside world.

# Field

Another sign of the era it was built in is the fact that the field is
<i>completely</i> symmetrical, which is really quite rare among MLB stadiums.
The power alleys are quite deep too, making this quite the pitcher's park.

# Game Experience

Now this section comes with a giant asterisk, because I was only there for half
the game. There was a rain delay in the 5th inning, and since we had an early
flight to catch, we opted to leave early since it seemed unlikely the game
resumed. It did indeed resume, but only several hours later, and after going 12
innings, the game finally ended at 2:15am. Never again will I schedule a flight
the early morning after a baseball game I attend.

That being said, there was a pretty good atmosphere considering the team's
recent success. While they had been pretty middling most of the season, they
were going on a little bit of a hot streak. They wore their gold-lettered
uniforms, introduced that season to commemorate their championship. Other teams
have since taken after this, having a gold uniform of their own, worn usually
their first home game of the season after a championship. However, the Royals
this year wore them on Friday home games, which is more than any other team I
can remember. Gold is also just a natural fit for their color scheme, so I
guess it makes more sense with them. Maybe they were just testing how audacious
a team could be, flashing their World Championship for everyone to see.

# Conclusion

All told, Kauffman was pretty solid. I think it's pretty good for what it is,
and has held up well considering its age. It was renovated extensively in the
late 200s, which has helped a lot. While not quite up there with the best, it's
definitely above average.

I'll note that at the time of writing this (November 2023), the Royals are
looking to build a new stadium closer to downtown. While in a vacuum it makes
sense, it's not completely necessary yet since Kauffman is still doing quite
well. The Royals also want public money for the new stadium, which I
<i>really</i> don't like for the citizens of Kansas City; they shouldn't be
saddled with paying for something the Royals ownership can afford. So while a
shiny new stadium is fun to think about, it really should be privately funded
in my opinion.
