# Intro

Peoria Stadium was the first ever spring training game I got to
attend, and the first of 3 in 4-day period. While spring training
stadiums are overall less interesting than their regular season
counterparts, I'll still give my experience with them, though it will
be less in-depth and also with lower expectations.

# Exterior

There isn't much to mention about the exterior of Peoria Stadium. It
sits among many practice baseball fields. The architecture here isn't
particularly interesting or unique I'd say. Perhaps the only
interesting thing here is the fact that the stadium is surrounded by a
perfectly circular road named Stadium Way, which is very satisfying
when viewing it from a map.

# Concourses

As is typical for spring training stadiums, there is a single deck
that goes around the park. Beyond the outfield walls is a grass berm,
also typical of spring training parks. Our seats were pretty close,
but then again, this is true of most spring training parks.

# Field

The field appears completely symmetrical while looking at a map.
There's nothing too interesting here to be honest.

# Game Experience

The game experience was solid. It was really nice being able to return
to a baseball game, and there's something just really great about
going to a game with a bit of a smaller crowd and going to watch some
baseball. I didn't have to be too concerned with what happened on the
field, because it's an exhibition game. However, these aspects are
true with any spring training stadium you attend.

# Conclusion

I've not said much unique about Peoria Stadium, because it feels very
average for a spring training stadium, and was my least favorite of
the 4 I visited. It's perfectly suitable for it's purpose, and it
doesn't try to be anything it's not. I wouldn't necessarily recommend
it as a place to visit, but it's not at all a bad viewing experience,
and if your schedule lines up where this stadium makes the most sense,
it should be a pleasant experience.
