# Intro

While Wrigley Field was a very exciting visit, this had always been the crown
jewel of old baseball parks, the one I was most looking forward to visiting.
Built in 1912, it's by far the oldest MLB stadium currently in use today, now
surpassing 110 years old, which just feels impossible. I visited in 2019, and I
don't think much has been done to it since then, so my review should be pretty
up to date I think (as of November 2023).

# Exterior

The outside of the stadium is really quite something. The Red Sox have their
banners hung outside on Yawkey Way, with the pennants in blue, and the World
Championships in red. They also have their retired numbers on one of the
outside streets. If I remember correctly, I entered Gate A, which is near the
aforementioned banners. I at least exited that way, since I have a picture of
the Fenway Park map outside of their team store on Jersey Street, which can be
seen from Google Street View. 

# Concourses

The inside of the stadium was incredible. While the concourses are narrower
than newer parks, everything feels so old (in a good way) as you would expect.
I remember there being an old Coca-Cola ad nearby to where we walked in, which
was very cool. I tried to visit the iconic Green Monster Seats, but there was a
thunderstorm happening before the game, and ushers prohibited any fans from
entering that part of the concourse until the weather cleared. I think you may
have also needed tickets to be up there at all anyway (though this didn't stop
me during a visit to another park ðŸ˜›).

At one point during that evening, I did as much of a loop as I could.
Understandably, the concourse kind of just ends in the center field area. There
was probably a way to continue onto the Monster seats from there, but I don't
remember. I also made sure to go up to the tiny upper deck, which is much
smaller than most. I believe the park didn't even open with upper deck seats,
but the team had to add them there eventually since there needed to be at least
<i>some</i> capacity growth with time. There was a nice little garden up there,
which if I remember correctly was for some sustainable foods offered at the
park. 

One thing I want to highlight, that I absolutely LOVED about Fenway was the
section I sat in. Basically every other park I've been to has had pretty large
sections, that have probably 20 seats per row, which is quite a long way
between aisles. However, the seats we sat in were dubbed "Loge Boxes", which
had much smaller sections. Essentially they took a row of 8 seats and split
them in half by putting a pole between the halves. There were maybe 4 or 5 rows
per box, which made a <i>very</i> easy trip in and out if you ever needed to
leave your seat. I've checked many other teams ticket sites, and I couldn't
find any other team that has sections like this unfortunately, though I could
very well be missing some. This is a shame, because this is a really great
setup for seats to give them a more luxury feel.

# Field

The field at Fenway is quirky as all hell. The dimensions are absolutely tiny,
with how small of a footprint the ballpark sits in. The left field and right
field foul poles have the shortest distances to each in the major leagues.
However, in right field, the wall curves away and gets fairly deep, instead if
taking a hard left like most other stadiums do. There's also the weird triangle
in center field, which makes playing out there just very odd.

# Game Experience

The game experience was really fantastic. As expected, the feel is very
intimate with the park being so small. When it got loud, it was LOUD. There was
a moment in either the 6th or 7th inning with a couple runners on for the Blue
Jays, and the Red Sox fans got loud as their pitcher snuffed out the threat.
The park also doesn't ask fans to get loud at any point, which I think is
great. I know some fans may like that, but to me it could be seen as an insult
to fans intelligence; that they don't know the significance of the moment.
While there are plenty of casual fans who may not always know the gravity of
the moment, it feels far more genuine when the crowd gets loud of it's own
accord, instead of following instructions on the jumbotron.

One tradition that Fenway does every game in the middle of the 8th inning is
play Sweet Caroline by Neil Diamond. It's pretty fun seeing the crowd sing
along to a fun song like that every game. We actually stayed long enough just
to hear the song, as we had an extremely long day to that point. Anyway, a very
fun tradition.

# Conclusion

Fenway Park was truly an unforgettable experience (I say as I've forgotten some
small details). It is an absolute must-visit for baseball fans everywhere.
While it was definitely what I expected, that's not a bad thing at all, because
I expected greatness, and got it. The only potential con of Fenway was the
weird hot dogs they offered, which looked like they came in a piece of bread. I
was told by folks on reddit that it may have just been a New England style hot
dog, as they sometimes come in buns that look like bread. It tasted fine, but
it looked very strange having a hot dog in a flat piece of bread.

But to conclude, visit Fenway Park! You won't regret it!
