# Intro

Petco Park had very steep competition, having just been to Dodger
Stadium. However, Petco Park has a reputation for being excellent, so
I was excited for this visit as well. Despite being around since 1969,
the Padres didn't get their own stadium until 2004 when Petco opened,
sharing the now-defunct San Diego Stadium with the NFL's Chargers.
While Petco Park had been highly regarded, the team itself hadn't been
good for a long time and in 2021, when I visited, it was really
entering it's competitive window.

# Exterior

We entered in via the center field area of the stadium, which includes
a "Park at the Park" lawn area, along with a stage for live music
performers. One notable exterior feature is the old Western Metal
Supply Co. building, which can be seen from both inside and outside
the park. This building predates the park, and was incorporated into
the stadium, which is really neat. The lower floor hosts the Padres
team store, which is pretty big and a great space for it. Other than
that, the exterior of Petco, at least in my opinion, isn't anything
particularly special. It doesn't aim for that retro feel like other
ballparks of the last 30 years do, but that's not always a bad thing
and works perfectly fine here.

# Concourses

The concourses reminded me quite a bit of T-Mobile Park to be honest.
I don't remember anything particularly notable about them, except for
the fact that there are some gaps in the regular seating sections on
the first base and third base sides on the 2nd and 3rd decks. In the
place of this gap is a tower, which serves as both a stand for some of
the lights and also offers what appears to be a few suites on the
upper deck.

There are two large scoreboards, one in left field and one in right,
the latter of which sits above the upper deck. Like a few recent
stadiums (T-Mobile Park, Progressive Field, and Coors Field come to
mind), there is an upper deck in right field but not in left.

# Field

The field itself isn't anything particularly quirky or anything. The
only feature worth noting really is the slight overhang in left, where
the Western Metal Supply Co. building is. However, one weird quirk of
the stadium that used to exist is that there used to be only 1 of the
2 bullpens in foul territory; the Padres had their bullpen beyond left
center field, and the visiting team had theirs up the first base line.
Fortunately, this was fixed in 2015 and both bullpens were beyond left
center field.

# Game Experience

The game experience was pretty solid as I remember. Unfortunately, the
Padres didn't win the game, so that can make it a little harder to
judge. While they did have a 5-0 lead after 2, that lead was coughed
up and they found themselves down in the 4th inning and never regained
the lead.

# Conclusion

Overall, Petco Park is pretty solid. I consider it roughly equal with
T-Mobile Park; a really solid baseball experience, that has some
distinguishing features but not enough to truly set it apart from the
rest of the league, like Dodger Stadium, Fenway Park and Wrigley Field
can for example. However, with it's relatively close proximity to LA,
it's definitely worth checking out if you've got the time.
