# Intro

My visit to Dodger Stadium was the first of the five California parks
I was going to visit in the next ten days, and going in I figured it
would either be my favorite or second favorite among the set. I was
also excited because it was a game against the Astros, marking the
first meeting between the 2017 World Series teams with fans since the
cheating scandal came to light. But even besides that, Dodger Stadium
is just very unique among baseball parks and seemed to be very good at
matching the city it was in. So I was sufficiently intrigued and
excited for this stadium.

# Exterior

Dodger Stadium opened right before the multipurpose era began. Almost
every other stadium that opened within the next decade were
multipurpose. However, that wasn't needed in LA because the LA
Memorial Coliseum already existed. The stadium is surrounded by a
giant parking lot, which makes a lot of sense for the time it was
built. What's interesting, is since it was built into the side of a
hill, the different gates take you into different levels of the
stadium. I entered in the Left Field Loge Level both games I've been
to, but if you enter in the outfield, you're on the main level.

Because of the elevation difference, there are many escalators around
the park that get you between the levels so you can enter in the right
place. There are also some fun flying saucer-looking planters that are
also very fitting for the time.

# Concourses

Another unique aspect of Dodger Stadium is the existence of a 4th
deck. It's only there for a small area behind home plate, and doesn't
even make the park feel all that much bigger, but it's a great
inclusion for the large Dodgers fanbase. It also provides a really
great vantage point for photos, and I made sure to go up there to get
a photo both times I visited.

The first game I went to (in 2021), I sat on the lower level.
Something small that I really appreciate that Dodger Stadium does is
it has the odd-numbered sections on the left half of the park, and the
even-numbered sections on the right side of the park. This makes it
much easier to know roughly where you're sitting, and cuts down the
amount of time it takes if you just want to get to your seat. The
lower level was quite nice, and very busy, as one would expect.

The second and most recent game I went to (in 2023) was on the second
deck, although the section numbers on that level begin with a 1, and
the lowest deck has numbers below 100. While my seats in 2021 were on
the first base side, this time I was on the third base side. The
second deck was very nice.

The concourse beyond the outfield is fantastic, and looks like a great
place to hang out with friends before and during the game. There are
some great food options there, along with many tables to either sit
down or stand up while eating and socializing. This part of the park
is definitely worth checking out.

# Field

The field for Dodger Stadium is completely symmetrical, and despite
changing shape a couple times, has always maintained its symmetry.
It's generally considered a pitchers park.

# Game Experience

I'd argue that the game experience in Dodger Stadium is the best of
any park I've been to. The game in 2021 had a great atmosphere for
a couple reasons; it was against the Astros, and recent trade deadline
acquisition Max Scherzer was making his first start with the Dodgers.
However, the game in 2023 (which was also against the Astros) was
still a great atmosphere, despite the fact that it was a couple more
years removed now from the scandal coming out. The stadium speakers
will play a lot of pop songs throughout the game, but it fits LA very
well. The scoreboard also doesn't ask you to get loud all that often,
which I appreciate.

The food at the park was pretty solid I thought. I got a Dodger Dog my
first visit (which is really just a hot dog), and some chicken tenders
my second time. However, there are much more interesting options if
you're willing to go down that route, with the center field pavilion
probably the location for the best food.

# Conclusion

Dodger Stadium is right up there with my favorite parks, and might
even be my absolute favorite. While Fenway Park obviously nails the
historical aspect, Dodger Stadium does it slightly less so while
maintaining plenty of character. It fits the city incredibly well; it
feels so LA it's unreal. It's the only park outside of Seattle that
I've visited multiple times, and I plan to visit multiple times more.
Hopefully I can attend a Mariners game there sometime. But Dodger
Stadium is definitely up there in the must-visit category, and it's a
real standout in Major League Baseball.
