# Intro

Globe Life Field was by far the newest stadium I'd ever visited. It
was only 3 years old at the time, making it the newest stadium in
baseball, and the newest stadium I'd ever visited. The next-newest was
Target Field, which I visited when it was just 6 years old in 2016,
but loanDepot Park (then Marlins Park) in Miami had opened in 2012, so
it wasn't even the newest park in baseball. Visiting a brand new park
was new territory for me, as I had seen the 6 oldest parks in
baseball, and the rest of them were in the more modern era, but none
of them were even close to being as new as this one. The park was
still too young to really gain a reputation for being good or bad; the
old park, Globe Life Park (now called Choctaw Stadium) was well-liked,
but it's obvious flaw was being completely outdoors, which became
unsuitable for baseball in Texas. So I was very interested to see what
this would be like.

# Exterior

A lot of folks have said that the park looks like a warehouse from the
outside, and I agree in some ways. The stadium has a <i>ton</i> of
windows on the exterior, at least from the side we entered from. The
roof is also quite tall, which is somewhat unusual for a baseball
stadium. I think every other roof in Major League Baseball is more
flat than this one. This is part of what makes the stadium truly feel
enormous from the outside.

# Concourses

This was the first park that I'd been to that allowed you to do a full
loop around the park in all three decks. It is just so huge. It almost
gave shopping mall vibes upon first entering, because there were a lot
of concession stands, and particularly a lot of places to sit down,
which was quite unusual for a baseball stadium. Usually you just take
your food and eat it in your seat. The only stadium I can remember
that had a decent amount of separate tables for food was Dodger
Stadium. However, it seemed useful and I'm sure there are some
scenarios where it'd be easier and more convenient to sit somewhere on
the concourse, eat your food, and then get to your seat.

Another rather unique thing about this park is that the role of the
middle and lower decks sort of swapped places. In almost every park
I've been to, the middle deck is the most expensive non-suite seating,
and has more of a luxury feel. I've sat in the middle deck in T-Mobile
Park, Oracle Park and Dodger Stadium, and each one had a narrower
concourse, with decreased traffic, and shorter lines. For the lower
deck, these seats are usually less expensive than the middle deck, but
more expensive than bleacher seats or upper deck seats. Well for
Globe Life Field, the lowest deck was treated more as a luxury deck,
and the middle deck was treated as a regular seating area. We had our
seats on the middle deck, which still felt very close to the action
and had a great view. But since I like to see as much as possible if
I'm going to a park for the first time, I knew I had to go to the
lowest deck to get some photos.

So I walked to the escalator to get to the lower deck, and there was
an usher there, but they didn't ticket me at all, so I didn't say
anything and went along my way down to the lower deck. Immediately I
could tell this was different, as there were doors into <i>suites,</i>
which I was not expecting to see. The only park I've been on the suite
level for is T-Mobile Park, and that is entirely separated from
everything else; it's walled off from the main staircase and only
accessible through a door that is ushered at all times. Now I
mentioned the usher before at the escalator, but like I said, they
didn't ticket me, so I just went along with it and assumed it was ok
to walk around. I kept going, and saw some really cool photographs
from the two previous stadiums the Rangers played in, those being
Arlington Stadium and Globe Life Park. As someone who grew up in the
21st century, seeing photos from the 80s and 90s is always super
interesting to me, and wonders if I could recapture some of that magic
by using an old camera to take pictures at games I attend. Anyway, I
passed by tunnels that lead fans onto the lower deck. I didn't go far
out at all, only just out of the tunnel to grab a photo (which is the
header photo).

Anyway, I continued my walk along the lower concourse until I got to
the outfield seats, which I figured would be another good place for
some photos. Unfortunately, my journey throughout this concourse came
to an end, as I was stopped by an usher asking me what I was doing. I
said I was just walking around looking at stuff, and he let me know
that it was an all-you-can-eat section, and that I needed a ticket. No
matter, I'd just turn around and go back the way I came. Well I was
stopped <i>again</i>, by <i>another</i> usher, asking me for a ticket
to get into the lower concourse. I told him I was just walking around
and had come that way, to which he said I couldn't be down there
without a ticket. So after he directed me to a staircase, I went back
to the middle deck and returned to my seat. It was pretty neat getting
to walk all the way through what I guess was the suite level before
being stopped, making it the only time I was able to do so at any
other park. I will have to try it at other future parks I visit. In my
defense, the usher at the escalator should have ticketed me in the
first place, but I'm glad he didn't, otherwise I wouldn't have this
fun little story to tell!

One last thing I'll mention, is that on the middle deck, there is an
old clock, which I presume is from Arlington Stadium, that says "IT'S
BASEBALL TIME IN TEXAS!" with the old Rangers logo on it. This is
really neat and I'm glad they put it in the new park. They even used
it in an animation when the game started, with the PA announcer saying
the line.

# Field

Anyway, back to the review. While the field shape of Globe Life isn't
anything crazy, it does use artificial grass, and the distances to the
walls in the outfield take inspiration from significant numbers in
Rangers history. For example, it's 329 feet to the left field foul
pole, which represents #29 for future Hall-of-Famer Adrian Beltre.
In left-center field, the distance is 372, representing the Rangers
first season in Arlington in 1972; they played in Washington D.C. as
the senators for a decade before the move. Every other outfield marker
has significance too, but those are just a couple examples. I will
note that even the distance from the plate to the backstop has
significance, as it's 42 feet, which represents Jackie Robinson's 42,
retired across Major League Baseball.

# Game Experience

The game experience was pretty good here too. Before the game started,
they noted the outside temperature, which was a hot 107° F I believe,
and then noted the inside temperature, a much cooler 74° F, which
elicited cheers from the crowd. That right there showed how long fans
in the Dallas area had been waiting for indoor baseball. For Seattle,
it was quite the opposite, as the fans didn't get a chance to
experience outdoor Mariners baseball in Seattle until <i>1999</i>, as
they played in the Kingdome the 22 years prior.

Despite the Rangers losing, the crowd was fairly into it, at least
until they lost the lead and didn't come back at all. The food options
also seemed pretty extensive. What was interesting was that they
didn't offer straws or lids for the drinks, which they said was out of
environmental concerns. While that is admirable, Texas is the
<i>last</i> place I would have expected that from, and my friend
Andrew agreed with me.

# Conclusion

To wrap it up, Globe Life Field was a pretty good experience. It shows
how baseball can really be enjoyed in a variety of environments. As I
said, I'd been to a lot of old ballparks, but this one felt oddly
futuristic, despite not really using any technology that would have
prevented them from building it when the Astros built Minute Maid.
It is an extremely large ballpark, which I don't think is a big issue,
and it seemed lively enough in the playoffs, but I can imagine there
would be times of it feeling too big. Heck, I feel that way about
T-Mobile Park sometimes, and it's comparably likely smaller than Globe
Life. I'm really interested to see how Globe Life Field ages. While it
was nice, clean, and new inside, I wonder how many of those traits
will last over time. I think as long as it's maintained well it should
do fine. While the older Globe Life Park seemed to have more
character, this one actually has a decent amount of it as well, which
I feel like is difficult for a stadium that literally opened 3 years
ago. While I'm not sure I'd consider it a must-visit compared to other
parks, it really is quite excellent and I think an overall step up
from Globe Life Park. I'd say that Minute Maid Park has more
character, but Globe Life Field is a really solid stadium that I
would be interested to return to, especially for a night game.
