# Intro

In the penultimate game of our 5-park excursion, I expected this park
to be another highlight in the trip. I already enjoy the city of San
Francisco as a whole, and Oracle Park consistently ranks highly in
rankings among MLB parks, so I figured this game and park would be a
really fun experience.

# Exterior

Oracle Park definitely leans into the old-school ballpark feel, and
uses brick extensively on the exterior. It looks very nice. Beyond the
right field wall is McCovey Cove, which serves as a landing point for
many home runs. There is a splash hit counter inside the park, that
keeps track of how many have ended up in the cove. There is also a
trail between the outfield wall and the water, and you can watch the
game up there.

# Concourses

The park has somewhat of an unusual shape because of the area it is
built into. As a result, the upper deck only extends down the first
base line, and doesn't keep going past the foul pole, since that's
where the water is. To compensate for this, the upper deck does meet
the left field foul pole, though no seats up there are in fair
territory. There are plenty of lower deck seats beyond the left field
wall, some beyond center field and a select few beyond the right field
wall. There is also a giant Coca-Cola bottle and giant fielder's
glove, both iconic backdrops at Oracle Park.

I was able to sit on the second deck, which is usually somewhat nicer
than the regular lower or upper deck seats. I think it was possibly my
favorite seat location ever in any game I'd been to, as there was a
perfect balance of a great view and being close to the action.

# Field

The field is pretty standard on the left side, but the right field
side is <i>very</i> short, at only 309 feet to the foul pole. The
distance to right-center field is conversely very deep, and it's known
as Triples Alley. Straight away center field is the second-shallowest
in baseball, but the wall extends to the right to form the
aforementioned Triples Alley. 

Before the 2020 season, the Giants moved the bullpens from foul
territory to beyond the center field wall. It always confounded me
that it wasn't this way when the park opened. Having bullpens on the
field just makes me think of the old multi-use stadiums, so I'm glad
that the Giants finally made this change. This bullpen relocation also
brought the center field wall in just a little bit, increasing the
propensity for home runs, also by just a little bit.

# Game Experience

The game experience was nothing short of excellent. The 2021 Giants
seemingly came out of nowhere to eventually win 107 games and the
division. This game was a back-and-forth affair that ended in a
walk-off, so you can't really ask for much more than that. The fans
were loud and rowdy in a good way. As mentioned, the seating location
really made a big difference too.

# Conclusion

Oracle Park is really fantastic. I definitely rank it among my
favorite parks I've been too, along with Dodger Stadium and Fenway
Park. Comparing it directly to Dodger Stadium, I think it's a matter
of preference. I prefer Dodger Stadium, but both are equally as good
and provide excellent experiences that you won't forget. This is
absolutely a must-visit stadium for baseball fans.
