# Intro

So I knew going into this game, that this was by default basically
going to be the worst stadium I'd visited. It's consistently ranked
at the very bottom of the league, along with Tampa Bay's Tropicana
Field. Still, I was still interested just to see how accurate the
reports were. Was it really that bad? Is it the worst stadium in MLB?
Well, time to find out!

# Exterior

The exterior of the stadium is really quite boring. While there are
almost no multipurpose baseball stadiums left from the 60s and 70s,
this is one that has managed to stand the test of time (or has it
really?). As such, it's very obvious what era it's from, with the
concrete everywhere and overall lack of personality on the outside.
Although the fact that it is one of the few multipurpose stadiums left
does give it some personality, I suppose.

# Concourses

In my opinion, this is probably the most interesting aspect of the
park. While with Fenway and Wrigley you're taken back in time, with
the coliseum, you're <i>also</i> taken back in time, just not as far
back and perhaps in a less desirable way. Basically everything you see
is concrete. While I didn't hate this, and found it to be a unique and
at least a little exciting experience, it's definitely not what any
team should be going for when designing a new ballpark, and is best
left back in the past. However, the A's admittedly did a decent job of
painting their history along the walls of the concourses, as the
franchise has a pretty rich history.

Another rather unique aspect of the park that again lines up with the
era it was from, is that going between concourses was just very
different. We had seats in the 2nd deck, but unlike most other
stadiums I've been to, there was no dedicated concourse for the 2nd
deck. If you wanted concessions, you could either walk down the tunnel
to the 1st level, or up the stairs to the 3rd level. If you walk up
further, the entrances to the suites are in the same tunnel that takes
you out to your seats on the 3rd deck, which is very unlike modern
stadiums, that have an entirely separate suite deck. The doors to the
suite deck also looked very dismal and depressing.

One change that was made to the stadium that became <i>extremely</i>
unpopular was a triple-decked addition beyond the outfield walls,
known as Mount Davis, after the owner of the NFL's Oakland Raiders,
who wanted it installed. I walked over there at one point during the
game, and many of the concession stands were closed, including one
that sold ice cream, something I was looking for.

I walked up to the upper deck as well. The concourse up there was a
ghost town during the game, which I guess makes sense given the A's
low attendance in recent years. I walked up to the top row of the
upper deck, which yielded a nice view.

# Field

The field at the Oakland Coliseum is bizarre. It is completely
symmetrical, but very circular, extremely unusual for today's MLB,
though less so in the multipurpose era. While there were some other
circular fields in the past, this is the only one remaining. That
being said, it was even <i>more</i> circular before Mount Davis was
constructed. With it's circular shape, the foul territory is
absolutely massive, the most square feet of any park today. The
bullpens also reside in foul territory, also typical of multipurpose
stadiums.

# Game Experience

The game experience was pretty mixed. As mentioned, the A's attendance
has long been lackluster. Though they had some years of big crowds,
those years are long gone as the owner John Fisher refuses to maintain
the coliseum to respectable standards, and as a result has driven fans
away.

That being said, the fans that were there were of course very
faithful. There are plenty of fans in Oakland, it's just hard to
justify going to a game when the team sucks and the ballpark sucks.
There are some fans that hang out above the right field wall and have
noisemakers and stuff to cheer on the players. It's pretty unique and
not something you see everywhere.

There are a couple other things I'll note. One is that the main soda
supplier wasn't Coca-Cola, nor Pepsi, but <i>RC Cola</i> which I
really did not see coming. I thought they'd at LEAST have Pepsi, but
no they had the third option, which most people frankly probably
wouldn't have heard of. The soda itself was fine, but the fact that
they didn't use either brand really shows how little the A's actually
spend on things.

The other thing to mention is that my friend Andrew ordered food on
his phone through the MLB Ballpark app through the game. The app told
him that it'd notify him when it was ready. Well probably 30 minutes
went by with nothing, so he decided to go over to the concession stand
to check things out. Well once he got there his food was ready, but
the concession worker told him <i>they didn't have the means to notify
him that his food was ready.</i> This is just really inexcusable by
the A's to not have this set up.

# Conclusion

So in the end, I would say that the stadium wasn't the worst thing
ever, but compared to other MLB stadiums, it is pretty bad. The sicko
in me who was born well after all the multipurpose stadiums were gone
was interested in the different architecture and structure, but it's
clearly not been maintained to any good standard.

Before I end this review, the situation with Oakland and the coliseum
requires a little deeper dive. Over the past couple decades, the A's
have been known for spending as little money as possible while still
trying to compete. This has gone to an extreme with current owner John
Fisher, who has refused to spend enough money to maintain the stadium
or retain any players.

After 2021, the year I visited, they deemed their competitive window
closed, with their players becoming more expensive, and slashed
payroll by trading them all away. For 2022 they were terrible, and
2023 even worse, with the latter season having the catastrophic
announcement that the team was close to an agreement for purchasing
land for a new stadium in Las Vegas. It became clear to fans that the
refusal to maintain the stadium was quite intentional, done so folks
would stop coming to games. John Fisher could then point to it and say
that there weren't fans in Oakland, justifying moving the team.
However, many fans started a grassroots campaign to pack the park on
June 13, a random Tuesday, to prove that there were still plenty of
fans in Oakland. It was a success, as 27,759 fans showed up to make
their voices heard. It was the highest attendance to that point in the
season (even higher than Opening Day), and beaten only by an August
5th game against the nearby Giants, who joined forces with A's fans to
chant "SELL THE TEAM!"

However, as of November 2023, they seem bound for Las Vegas. While the
relocation isn't official yet, the MLB owners are going to vote on it
soon, and for some reason, MLB commissioner Rob Manfred has decided to
waive the relocation fee, adding another item to his list of seemingly
endless missteps.

Overall, can I recommend Oakland Coliseum? That's a tough question to
answer. As a park, it leaves basically everything to be desired. The
team that plays there isn't really worth watching either. But, if you
go, you can enjoy a baseball game, and sometimes that's all you need.
