I went to this game with Andrew, our 4th. Since Andrew is an Angels
fan, we were rooting for opposing teams for the 2nd time already (he's
also a Giants fan). Chris Flexen had a tough outing, but managed to
make it through 4 innings giving up only 3 runs. Shohei Ohtani hit a
home run, but I missed it because I was looking at my phone
unfortunately. 

For the first inning, I predicted that Trout and Haniger would both
homer, Haniger more specifically on the first pitch. He did in fact
hit a leadoff home run, first of the year, but it was not off the
first pitch. Fortunately Trout did not homer in the first. It was a
beautiful night for baseball, if a bit cold later on. There was an
annoying heckler who was yelling stuff off and on. 

Since it was the final day of April, the Mariners decided to throw
something fun on the scoreboard, specifically the song "It's Gonna Be
Me". Listeners of the song will know that the way the "me" is
pronounced makes it sound like "May", so the Mariners fixated on that
portion of the song and noted the lyrics on the jumbotron. What we
thought was a one-time play turned into many, as it was played after
Mariners hitters reached base, scored a couple runs, <i>and</i> during
the succeeding pitching change. Honestly one of the funnier things
I've seen the scoreboard operators do at a baseball game.

Mariners bullpen came in clutch once again, as the Angels ceased to
score after the 3rd until the 9th inning, where they just got 1 off of
Rafael Montero. Struggling hitters Dylan Moore and Tom Murphy both
homered and got other RBI hits, which was big for both of them.
Overall great game to go to, especially since the Mariners lost big,
10-5 the next night. Andrew wasn’t super jazzed about it, but we still
had a fun time.
