This game was Star Wars Fireworks night. Since I already had plans
with my friend Jason, we decided to tack on the Mariners game to our
day. I also planned on getting a Julio Rodriguez jersey, but they
didn't have any in the Northwest Green, so my search will continue
elsewhere.

The game started out pretty good, as the Mariners scored one run in
each of the first three innings. Included in that was a Cal Raleigh
home run, which Jason and I once again joked "CAL RALEIGH HIT A HOME
RUN CHALLENGE: IMPOSSIBLE!" Raleigh of course, proved the impossible
to be reality and smacked a home run. He nearly missed a second one
later in the game, as he drilled a double down the left field line
that hit the top half of the wall.

The Mariners really broke out in the 4th inning. With walks from Jesse
Winker and Taylor Trammell, and an Adam Frazier single, J.P. Crawford
came up with the bases loaded and took a walk himself to make it a 4-0
lead. Ty France was next up, and did Ty France things by lining a
double down the left field line to score 3 and blow the game open at
7-0. The Mariners would finish their scoring in the 6th, with the
aforementioned Cal Raleigh double followed by a Taylor Trammell
single.

Something I have intentionally not mentioned to this point was that
Robbie Ray had a no-hitter through 6 innings. I noticed it after 4,
and mentioned it to Jason after 5. Someone sitting next to me
mentioned that when he was at Felix's perfect game, he and his dad
didn't say anything, since he was getting after someone who mentioned
the fact that a no-hitter was going on. I had to chime in, clarify
that I heard him correctly and mention that I was also at the perfect
game. I think that's the first time I've encountered someone else at a
Mariners game who also went to Felix's perfect game. Anyway, after Ray
got two outs to start the 7th, a little dribbler was hit by Max Stassi
that Ray failed to field correctly. However, it was scored as a hit,
which was responded to by resounding boos across the stadium. I also
thought it should have been scored as an error, as 9 times out of 10
Robbie Ray makes that play. Maybe even 99 times out of 100, it was
just a weird bounce off his glove. Unfortunately, the scoring decision
stuck. 

Ray got the last out of the 7th, but gave up a triple and double to
start the 8th, which would end his night. While those hits did in fact
ensure that the misplay wasn't the only thing keeping it from a
no-hitter, I can imagine Ray would have pitched differently and might
not have given up those hits if the no-hitter were intact. Ray
received a standing ovation when he left the ballgame, a truly
masterful performance with 10 strikeouts. Since instituting his
two-seam fastball, he's pitched much better. Whether this version of
Robbie Ray sticks remains to be seen (I'm writing this the day of the
game), but the signs are very encouraging.

The Mariners put Penn Murfee in for the 8th, which he finished off no
problem. With a double header the next day, the Angels opted to save
their bullpen and pitched Jack Mayfield, their starting 3rd basemen.
Unfortunately, the Mariners didn't manage to score off him. Roenis
Elias closed out the win with ease.

The fireworks show followed, and was spectacular, as all Mariners
fireworks shows are. They played many classic Star Wars songs, while
working in Mariners highlight clips with Star Wars backgrounds on the
jumbotron. A very good win and game experience for this one.
