I went to this game with a couple friends, one of them Andrew, and
another Zach for the first time. The Mariners were coming off a 4-game
sweep in Boston and a 3-7 road trip. They had been playing very poorly
to say the least. This was the Mariners first game against the A's
this season, and because of their poor play the Mariners found
themselves sharing last place with the A's. The game got off to a slow
start, as both pitchers hung up zeros for the first two and a half
innings. 

In the bottom of the first, we were saying that now was a good time
for Julio Rodriguez's first home run in Seattle. While he didn't get
it in the first, he went deep in the 3rd inning to give the Mariners a
3-0 lead. Unfortunately, Marco Gonzales nearly completely fell apart
in the 4th inning, giving up 3 runs and throwing 33 pitches in the
inning. The Mariners offense didn't miss a beat as they scored 2 more
runs in the bottom of the 4th. To this point, Mariners catcher Cal
Raleigh was hitting below .100. Andrew said "Cal Raleigh hit home run
challenge (impossible)", and shortly after Cal hit a 2-run home run to
give the Mariners the lead! 

Marco held the A's off the board and the Mariners scored 2 runs again
in the bottom of the 5th. While Eugenio Suarez was up, I said "homer
on the next pitch" when the count was 2-0. He ended up hitting the
home run on a 3-1 but I still kinda called it. At this point the
Mariners had a comfortable 7-3 lead, but Marco fell apart again in the
6th. While getting a groundout on the first batter, he gave up two
singles which ended his night. Rookie reliever Penn Murfee came in,
and while having pitched well to this point was not good here,
allowing both inherited runners to score and then one more, trimming
the lead to 7-6. Sergio Romo then came in, and managed to get the
final two outs without allowing any more runs. 

The next half inning, Andrew tried the reverse-jinx again by saying
"Cal Raleigh hit a single challenge (impossible)", and surprisingly
the impossible became reality as Cal Raleigh followed his home run up
by a single, giving him his first multi-hit game on the season. The
scoring was finished after that 6th inning for the A's, and the
Mariners managed to clutch out a one-run win, something that has
become more difficult this season after being a normality in 2021.
Diego Castillo pitched a brilliant 8th inning, striking out the side
and giving a glimpse of his return to form. Paul Sewald pitched the
9th, and while he allowed the tying run to make it to scoring position
after a single and wild pitch, it would stay there as he got a
groundout to Ty France to end the game and seal an important win for
the Mariners to start the homestand.
