With the season winding down, I wanted to go to one more game. I had
seen a game every month, so I wanted to complete the set. The Mariners
had played poorly on the previous road trip, going 3-7 against losing
teams. While they were still in a great spot to make the playoffs,
Mariners fans were still nervous given how the Mariners have choked in
the past. The most recent example of this was the previous Sunday game
against the Royals. The Mariners had an 11-2 lead, only to give up 11
runs in the 6th inning and ended up losing 13-12. That being said, the
Mariners held the 3rd wild card spot going into this game. They had
lost the first game of the series, but won the 2nd. The Baltimore
Orioles, who were the team behind the Mariners, had lost before this
game, bringing the Mariners "magic number" down to 2. This meant the
Mariners needed a combination of 2 Mariners wins and 2 Orioles losses,
more than doable in the final week of the season.

The game started out well, with Marco Gonzales striking out the side
in order. Mitch Haniger got the Mariners an early 2-0 lead with a
2-run home run that traveled 442 feet, the longest home run hit in
Seattle this season. It was also his first home run in over a month.
However, that lead wouldn't last long as the Rangers would come back
with 4 runs in the top of the 3rd inning to give them a 4-2 lead, on
home runs by Sam Huff, Marcus Semien, and Adolis Garcia. While Marco
had a good first two innings, this wasn't a great sign. Fortunately,
the Mariners came right back as Mitch Haniger hit another 2-run home
run to tie the game at 4.

The Mariners didn't go long without a lead as Jarred Kelenic hit a two
run opposite field bomb to net a 6-4 lead. Kelenic would extend this
lead by hitting another home run, this time a solo shot, in the 6th
inning to make it 7-4.

In the top of the 7th, the Mariners did a very cool intro for Paul
Sewald, which involved turning off most of the stadium lights and
shining a spotlight on him as he ran out from the bullpen. However,
Sewald had a poor outing as he gave up back to back home runs to
Marcus Semien and Nathaniel Lowe, the latter of which was absolutely
yoked. Clinging to a one-run lead, the Mariners sent Andres Muñoz back
out for the 8th after he got the final out of the 7th. He allowed two
singles to lead off the inning, which was followed by a double play
and a lineout. However, the Rangers did manage to tie the game on that
double play. The Mariners were gonna have to come back once again if
they wanted to win this game.

The 8th and 9th innings were unceremonious after that, as the Mariners
didn't pose a huge threat in either inning. Still tied after 9
innings, this game went into the 10th. The automatic runner was placed
at 2nd, and Erik Swanson came in to pitch. He gave up a pinch-hit
single to Kole Calhoun, who has been a thorn in the Mariners side in
recent years. Swanson fended off the Rangers after that, but now the
Mariners had 3 outs to tie or win the game. Eugenio Suarez started the
inning with a single, pushing automatic runner Sam Haggerty (pinch
running for Ty France) to 3rd. Cal Raleigh followed that up with a
sacrifice fly to left, which then scored Haggerty, knotting the game
up once again. While Carlos Santana followed with a walk, Jarred
Kelenic popped out to send the game to at least one more inning.

The 11th started with a sacrifice bunt by the Rangers, which was
proceeded by a sac fly. Haniger made a hard throw home from right
field, but it went over the catchers head, and might not have been in
time anyway. Nathaniel Lowe grounded out to end the inning, putting
the Mariners down to their last 3 outs once again. Dylan Moore lead
off the inning with a single, allowing the automatic runner Kelenic to
advance to 3rd. Mariners manager Scott Servais opted to pinch hit Luis
Torrens for Adam Frazier. While ideally this game would end here, if
it didn't the Mariners would have likely put Torrens at 2nd base,
despite him being the 3rd-string catcher. Torrens lined a single into
right field to score Kelenic. Next up, J.P. Crawford. J.P. showed bunt
for the first few pitches, but on the third pitch, Dylan Moore stole
third base, eliminating the need for the bunt. Immediately after,
Crawford lined a ball towards the third baseman, which bounced out of
his glove and into the outfield, giving the Mariners a much-needed win
to reduce their magic number to 1.

As I am writing this log the next day, I am happy to report that the
Mariners clinched their playoff spot in the very next game, as Cal
Raleigh launched a walkoff home run to reach the postseason for the
first time in 21 years. While we had purchased tickets for a potential
ALCS game in Seattle, the Mariners got swept aside by the eventual
World-Series Champion Houston Astros, despite being competitive in all
three games. However, this is hopefully just the first playoff
appearance of many to come for this core.
