Due to the lockout during the 2021-2022 offseason, opening day was
pushed back by a week. To account for that, the first week of games
was rescheduled throughout the season, and the first series was moved
to the end of the season. As a result, the Mariners opened up on the
road in Minnesota and Chicago before coming home to face the Astros
for their home opener. It happened to fall on Jackie Robinson Day,
which is the first one I've been in attendance for. It was the 75th
anniversary of Jackie's debut, and as a result the 42s on everyone's
back were in Dodger Blue. I wasn't a huge fan of this, since it seemed
to honor the Dodgers for no reason, but it honestly didn't look half
bad.

The Mariners went out to an early lead, scoring a run in the top of
the first, and they could have gotten more. Fortunately, that didn't
end up mattering as they had a baserunner on every inning and scored
11 runs. Mariners new leadoff man Adam Frazier had his best night of
the young season, with 4 hits and 4RBI, becoming the first Mariner
leadoff hitter to do that since Ichiro in 2004. Jesse Winker and
Eugenio Suarez, the other two big acquisitions also had great nights,
with Suarez's home run capping off the scoring for the Mariners. Marco
Gonzales had a great outing, throwing 7 innings of 1-run ball, looking
infinitely better than he did in his first outing in Minnesota. While
I was near certain Julio Rodriguez was going to hit his first major
league home run in this game, he did manage to get a base hit and
walk, good steps towards moving his very low average up.

With Carlos Correa now in Minnesota, the Astros had 3 hitters (Altuve,
Bregman, Gurriel) still left from the 2017 team, and they still
absolutely heard it from the fans. In the 8th inning, when the
Mariners were already leading 9-1, Altuve came up with two outs and
the bases empty, the booing was especially pertinent, and it quickly
turned into cheers as Altuve went down on 3 pitches. A really strong
way to start out the year at home for the Mariners, as this more than
doubled their season-high run total in a game (previous was only 5).
While nothing super weird happened like 2021's opening day, this game
was nothing but positives for the Mariners.
