Coming off the game 1 victory, my dad and I were excited to see what
the Mariners would do against the Astros on this nice Saturday
evening. On our way back to our hotel Friday, I told my dad "watch,
the Mariners will drop 7 runs on Framber [Valdez] because baseball."
For some variety, we sat in the upper deck, in section 322.
Unfortunately, the air conditioning didn't reach that well at the top
of the park, so it was much hotter up there than it was on the lower
level. The Mariners got off to a quick start, scoring a run in the
first, thanks to yet <i>another</i> hit from Julio Rodriguez. He quickly
stole second, and the very next batter Eugenio Suarez singled him
home. The Mariners scored again in the second, off a triple from
rookie Cade Marlowe, on a ball that was just too far away for Astros
center fielder Jake Meyers to come up with. The Mariners continued
their scoring in the third, despite starting off with a strikeout to
both Julio and Geno. However, Ty France, Teoscar Hernandez, and Cal
Raleigh followed with three straight hits, scoring two more runs,
while aided with an error. Dylan Moore and Jose Caballero both walked
to load the bases, but the Mariners failed to break the game open and
Cade Marlowe struck out for the Mariners third of the inning. Now
leading 4-0, Logan Gilbert continued pitching well, though did give up
a solo home run to Alex Bregman. This was actually the first time the
Astros had scored in the two games, and the park got LOUD. Yainer Diaz
followed in the 4th inning with a solo homer of his own, narrowing the
lead to 4-2.

However, the Mariners continued their offensive surge in the 5th.
France led off the inning with a single, and after two outs, Dylan
Moore hit a home run to get those two runs back the Mariners had given
up, putting the score at now 6-2. The next hitter was Jose Caballero,
and the very next pitch after Moore's homer went straight for Cabby's
foot. He got hit, was not pleased, the teams started jawing at each
other and the benches cleared. Quickly after it happened, Mariners
reporter Ryan Divish Tweeted (X'd? posted?) that "this had been
building" regarding the Cabby HBP. Earlier in the season, Astros
veteran catcher Martin Maldonado took issue with Cabby's usage of the
pitch clock. He often waits all the way until the 8-second mark to
look up at the pitcher, which he has every right to do. Despite that,
Maldonado had some words for him early in the season when the two
teams were playing in Seattle. However, this time was about a
different issue that Maldonado had with Caballero; he tends to crowd
the plate, which I guess Maldy took issue with, so he must have said
something to Cabby on Friday. So naturally, you hit the player who's
hurting your feelings (don't actually do this). The consensus by fans
online and the Mariners reporters seems to be that it was in fact
intentional, but the umpires decided to just give the teams both
warnings, which I think is fine. Framber was near the end of his
outing anyway. Cabby wasn't hurt at all, and immediately stole second
after reaching first. He also attempted a steal of third on a foul
ball, which I love. Alas, Valdez got the third out and the score was
6-2. Ryne Stanek came into the game in the 6th to relieve Valdez, and
allowed the Mariners to load the bases. However, he managed to prevent
any runs from scoring. The scoring calmed down after that for a while,
until the Mariners added even more in the 8th inning, off a 2-run
double from Teoscar Hernandez. The Mariners added on yet again in the
9th, with solo homers from Dylan Moore, his second homer of the game,
and Sam Haggerty, his first of the year. The score was now 10-2. With
the Mariners without an off day until the next Thursday, they opted to
use a recent call up, Eduard Bazardo for his first Mariners
appearance. He gave up a home run to Mauricio Dubón, which admittedly
made me slightly worried for a second, despite the score being 10-3.
He struck out the next hitter, allowed a double to the one after that,
but then finished off the game with a groundout and another strikeout.

This was an incredible, resounding win by the Mariners. Coming to
Minute Maid, despite the Mariners on a hot streak, there was still
that bit of concern that they could fall flat on their face and get
absolutely bodied by the Astros. While the first game was exciting, I
was still slightly worried since they honestly could have lost it with
all their missed scoring opportunities. However, this game the
Mariners cashed in on several, and yet still left the bases loaded
twice, which is just crazy. The Mariners ended up sweeping the Astros
the next day, their first sweep of the Astros in Houston since a
4-game sweep in 2018. This also put them just a half game behind the
Astros, meaning winning the division was now becoming a distinct
possibility.

