This was the start of a 3-game trip for my dad and I, with another
Houston game and a game in Arlington to follow. This game was very
intriguing for a variety of reasons. Notably, it was my first time
ever seeing the Mariners play on the road in the regular season
(important distinction from spring training). Along with that, it was
of course against the Astros, which is probably the closest team the
Mariners could be considered rivals with. However, it's closer to a
big brother/little brother situation, since the Mariners haven't
finished above the Astros in the standings since 2016, and the
Mariners have only had a winning record against the Astros in one of
those seasons, in 2018. But also, it's the Astros, who are probably
the most-hated team in baseball as of writing. As a result, it was a
weird combination of being excited for watching my team play but also
feeling very out of place in the enemy of all enemy territories.

Anyway, we had some good seats, in section 110, row 22, a great view
down the third base line, and perfect view of the main video board in
right field. The game started out with a scorching-hot Julio singling,
but he didn't come around to score. In the 2nd, the Mariners got more
baserunners, but failed to score yet again. In the 3rd, Julio decided
to drive himself in with an absolute nuke to left field to give the
Mariners a 1-0 lead. However, the team struggled all game with runners
in scoring position, finishing an incredible 0-17 in such situations.
However, this was matched with an incredible pitching performance from
Bryce Miller, who shut out the Astros through 6.1 innings. The
Mariners managed only one more run against Astros starter J.P. France,
who went 6 innings himself. I'd consider him incredibly lucky to have
gone that deep allowing that few runs, as the Mariners had several
hard hit balls that turned into outs and a ton of missed
opportunities, as I've mentioned.

After Bryce Miller's night ended, it was the bullpen's turn to shut
the door. Justin Topa came in to succeed Miller, and got the final two
outs of the 7th inning with ease. To my dad and I's surprise, he
stayed out there for the 8th inning, but took care of the Astros
again, setting them down in order. The Mariners failed to score any
more insurance runs, so the score remained 2-0 going into the bottom
of the 9th. Andres Muñoz was on to close the game for the Mariners.
They had some shaky bullpen performances earlier in the week, with two
from Muñoz himself; one a walkoff loss, and one that allowed a tie in
the 9th inning. Paired with it being against the Astros, I was
incredibly nervous for this inning. It started off not well, with a
ground ball to third baseman Eugenio Suarez that Jose Altuve beat out
for an infield single. The next batter, Alex Bregman, hit a ball to
Suarez, who tossed it to second baseman Josh Rojas for the out on
Altuve at second, but Rojas lost the ball on the transfer and didn't
get the double play that looked certain when the play started. Up next
was left fielder Yordan Alvarez, who hit a walkoff, 3-run home run to
win Game 1 of the ALDS against the Mariners less than a year ago, and
that was at the front of my mind. During his at bat, a ball got by
catcher Cal Raleigh, which allowed Alex Bregman to move to 2nd,
eliminating the double play from the equation. Alvarez then hit a
ground ball to shortstop Jose Caballero, filling in for the concussed
J.P. Crawford, and he misplayed it, allowing Alvarez to reach on what
could have probably been scored as an error, but was ultimately ruled
a hit. The next hitter was rookie catcher, who happened to be playing
first base, Yainer Diaz. He turned out to be the final hitter of the
ball game, as he hit the fourth ground ball of the inning, which went
to Rojas, who got the out at second, and threw the ball without issue
to first to get the third out and secure the Mariners 2-0 victory.

This win put the Mariners in sole possession of the 3rd wild card
spot, as the previous owners of that spot, the Toronto Blue Jays, were
walked off by the Cincinnati Reds in a 1-0 game not an hour prior to
the end of the Mariners contest.
