The Mariners' 2023-2024 offseason was a wild one. After not doing much
before 2023, some change was clearly needed to get this team back over
the hump. It had been the fourth time in the past decade that the
Mariners had been eliminated from postseason contention in either game
161 or 162, when no other team had experienced it more than twice over
that span. 

The offseason started poorly, with an extremely embarrassing press
conference from president of baseball operations Jerry Dipoto. He said
that the Mariners had "taken a step forward", despite not making the
playoffs in 2023 after making it in 2022. He also said that the
Mariners "were doing the fans a favorite by asking for their
patience". Finally, he was saying that the goal is to win 54% of your
games over a 10-year period, as teams that manage that will make the
World Series at least once in that span. While maybe true, the 54%
comment was universally clowned on, and for good reason. While the
line of thinking *may* make sense, it was absolutely not the right
thing to say at loud, at that time. The comment about doing the fans a
favor was also hated on, since Mariners fans have been more than
patient for their entire history. I will say this as a Mariner fan; we
are done being patient. I haven't even been alive for most of the
teams existence, and if *I'm* done being patient, I can't imagine how
other fans feel. My dad has been a Mariners fan since virtually the
beginning, when he was just a kid, and *he's* still waiting too. While
the things Dipoto said may be fine to think, they were absolutely not
things the fans want to hear, especially at that time when we were all
frustrated from missing the postseason in the season's final series
again.

Perhaps the first "move" of the offseason was the Mariners decision to
not offer a qualifying offer to right fielder Teoscar Hernandez.
Teoscar had a down year by his standards, with his slugging notably
lower than his career averages. While his numbers otherwise don't look
too far off his career norms, as someone who watched him every day,
there were *so many times* he would be chasing sliders outside of the
zone. The Mariners seemed to agree with this, as their reasoning to
not offering the QO was due to the high strikeout number Teoscar
tallied. While an alternative thought was they didn't want to risk
blowing their budget on one player had he accepted, this reasoning on
reducing strikeouts was acceptable.

The first actual move was acquiring former top prospect, third baseman
Luis Urias from the Boston Red Sox in exchange for relief pitcher
Isaiah Campbell. While Campbell was praised in the past, the Mariners
have been known for turning no-name pitchers into dominant relievers,
so his presence was likely not going to be missed too greatly. Urias
had a couple decent seasons in Milwaukee with some solid power
numbers, but had a poor 2023 split between Milwaukee and Boston. The
Mariners decided to take a flyer on him, with some hopes that he could
bounce back and perform even better than his seasons in Milwaukee. At
the time, it was unclear what his role would be, but that role would
develop more clarity with the following move.

This is when the unpopular moves began. The first one was trading fan
favorite starting third baseman Eugenio Suarez to the
NL-pennant-winning Arizona Diamondbacks for a fringe reliever and
backup catcher, in a move that was pretty clearly a salary dump. Geno
had a down year in 2023, where the power was down but the high
strikeout count remained. The Mariners management seemed to consider
his cost too high for that production, so they sent him to the desert
while the Diamondbacks agreed to cover most of his salary. While the
argument against having Geno on the roster was reasonable I suppose,
the Mariners knew this was his player profile when they acquired him.
He's known as the "Good Vibes Only" guy and brings important
leadership. Plus the player return was extremely lackluster at the
time of the deal, and has proven to be just as disappointing as
expected, even just halfway into April. 

The next controversial move was trading left fielder Jarred Kelenic,
left handed starter Marco Gonzales, and first baseman Evan White to
the Atlanta Braves for a couple unproven young pitchers. While Kelenic
had yet to put together a full season, some strides were made in 2023,
with an incredible start. Despite him going on the IL due to a self
inflicted injury after kicking a cooler in frustration, many fans were
still behind him and liked the fire that he displayed. There was some
hope that 2024 could be his year, but now that would have to happen
outside Seattle. Marco was a fan favorite in Seattle, and was to that
point the longest-tenured Mariner. While he struggled in 2023 in a
season that was cut short by injuries, he had been a slightly above
average starter for many years that ate innings, which is really
valuable and rare in today's game. Evan White had also been injured,
and hadn't appeared in the majors with the Mariners since 2021. He
struggled massively in his 2020 rookie season, in which he played only
to avoid losing an entire season with no minor league season that
year. Since then, his time had been riddled with injuries. Now why are
Marco and Evan White being bundled with Kelenic in the deal? They both
were making more than the Mariners considered them worth (especially
in White's case) and so more salary room was created by offloading
them. But to do so, giving up Kelenic was necessary for them.

However, good moves were to come for the Mariners. Just before
Christmas, it was reported that the Mariners had signed catcher and
designated hitter Mitch Garver to a contract. The Mariners had
famously signed no big-name free agent hitters since Jerry Dipoto,
with their top contract being a 1-year $8 million deal for A.J.
Pollock, which did not go well. Garver's hitter profile involves
good power, good eye, and low strikeouts, all making perfect sense for
the Mariners. However, he has also only played over 100 games in a
season once, as he has been quite injury-prone in his time in the
majors. Midway through 2023, the Texas Rangers moved him to designated
hitter full time, and that kept him healthy for the rest of the year.
The Mariners will be using him exclusively there, hoping for the same
results.

The next two moves happened on the same day, January 5th, and were both pretty
universally received positively. The first one involved sending 2021
Cy Young award winner Robbie Ray to the San Francisco Giants in
exchange for right handed starter Anthony DeSclafani, and outfielder
and former Mariner Mitch Haniger. Robbie Ray's time in Seattle had
unfortunately not gone very well. His season in 2022 was merely
decent, and he famously gave up the walkoff home run to Yordan Alvarez
to lose Game 1 of the ALDS. In 2023, he looked excellent in spring
training, but had a poor first start of the year, and he went down
with injury. After a month or two, he got Tommy John surgery and was
down the rest of the season. With the Mariners essentially set with
their starting rotation, they deemed him also too expensive,
especially since he wouldn't even be back on the field about halfway
through the season. DeSclafani was considered to be extra depth as the
sixth starter. He had some success in the past but had struggled and
injured the past couple seasons in San Francisco. Mitch Haniger's
return was received with cautious optimism but also excitement.
Haniger had signed a three-year deal with San Francisco before the
2023 season, but was injured much of the year and played poorly when
he was on the field. While Mitch had been oft-injured in Seattle, his
numbers in SF for 2023 were well below his career norms. While there
was concern he was cooked, the Mariners planned on having him split
time with Dominic Canzone, hoping to preserve his health and set him
up for the most success. 

The other move involved sending middle infielder Jose Caballero to the
Tampa Bay Rays in exchange for corner infielder and outfielder Luke
Raley. Caballero had quickly become a fan favorite, since he took over
the starting second baseman role from the terrible Kolten Wong, and
provided some exciting moments with his antics. However, his roster
spot had become less certain, and the Mariners weren't going to roll
with him as the starting second baseman for another year, with his
production declining over the second half, and the mid-season
acquisition of Josh Rojas. Luke Raley had some success in his 2023
rookie season in Tampa Bay, displaying some power while quietly having
good speed and defense. The Mariners planned towards having him be a
near-everyday player in the outfield.

The penultimate big move for this offseason was trading a couple minor
leaguers, along with relief pitcher Justin Topa and recent acquisition
Anthony DeSclafani to the Minnesota Twins for second baseman Jorge
Polanco. While Topa had been excellent for the Mariners in 2023, they
had other pitchers who could likely take his spot and perform just as
effectively. Polanco had been on the Twins for nearly a decade, and
had put up consistently great numbers as their starting second
baseman. Despite having some injuries the past couple seasons, Polanco
maintained his career rate stats over those shortened seasons. He also
possessed a lower strikeout rate that the Mariners were continuing to
seek out.

The final big move to end Seattle's offseason was acquiring
hard-throwing relief pitcher Gregory Santos from the Chicago White Sox
in exchange for a couple minor league players. With the Mariners
already strong bullpen, this added yet another high-leverage arm to go
along with Matt Brash and Andres Munoz.

The only remaining notable move was the signing of hard-throwing
reliever Ryne Stanek, which was done with injuries to Brash and Santos
in spring training. However, once those guys heal up the Mariners
bullpen could be the best it's been in years.

While early spring training was a struggle, the Mariners went off the
final few weeks, hitting everything and pitching well. Mitch Haniger
particularly hit very well, beginning to prove that he still had some
great baseball left in him. New acquisitions Jorge Polanco and Mitch
Garver both had good springs as well.

While the 2024 Mariners team was universally considered better than
the 2023 team, the success hinged on health more than before, with
three of their best players being injury-prone. However, all three
made it through spring completely healthy. The only notable injuries
to start the season were Brash, Santos, and fifth starter Bryan Woo,
who had some shoulder soreness that wasn't expected to require surgery
or keep him out very long.

Luis Castillo got the Opening Day start for the second straight
season. He had a 1-2-3 first inning. In the bottom of the first, the
Mariners got a double from Julio Rodriguez and a single from Jorge
Polanco, but that threat was quickly silenced with a Mitch Garver
double play. Boston scored first with a two-run home run in the 3rd from third
baseman Rafael Devers, who has been a good player for many years, and
has consistently done damage to the Mariners. The Red Sox scored their
third run in the top of the 4th on a fielder's choice that involved an
error from third baseman Josh Rojas. 

The Mariners got their first two runs of the game on a two run home
run from Mitch Haniger, who received a standing ovation on both his
introduction and first at bat. A great moment that gave the crowd
something to cheer for.

Despite only giving up 3 runs, Castillo had labored through his first
four innings, throwing many pitches and not locating super well as the
Red Sox had gotten into many deep counts. He surrendered his fourth
run on a groundout. His fifth inning would be his last. While not
terrible, four runs over five innings is certainly worse than you'd
expect from your ace on Opening Day.

The Red Sox scored yet again in the 6th, making the score 5-2.
Refusing to go quietly, the Mariners scored two more runs in the 7th,
also from a two-run home run, from pinch-hitter Dylan Moore, who was
quietly now the longest-tenured Mariner. This home run came off new
Red Sox reliever Isaiah Campbell, who as I mentioned earlier was
acquired from the Mariners. 

Despite getting two runs back, the Red Sox got one run back of their
own as Tyler O'Neill hit a home run on his fifth consecutive Opening
Day game, setting a new record.

The score remained 6-4 going into the bottom of the 9th. Despite a
leadoff walk from Mitch Haniger, the Mariners then went down in order
to lose their initial game of the season by that final score. This had
only been the second home opener loss I'd seen from the Mariners, the
other being 2016 against the Oakland A's. While not the greatest game
from the Mariners today, the hope was they could rebound and get off
to a hot start to the season.
