The Mariners failed to make a late season run, which didn't surprise many given their track record and inconsistency throughout the season. They were eliminated before the final series of the season, making it the 5th time in the last decade they had been eliminated in the final 3 games of the season; 2014 during game 162, 2016 game 161, 2021 before game 162, 2023 before game 162, and now 2024 before game 160.

Dan Wilson had done fine as manager. It would be unfair to consider his early tenure a failure with the Mariners unable to make the playoffs in his 34-game sample. In fact, he ended up going 21-13 in his first go, better than Scott Servais' 64-64 2024 record before he got canned.

Despite the Mariners poor offense in the first half of the season, it had improved somewhat with the additions of Randy Arozarena and Victor Robles. With Julio of course manning center, that gave the Mariners the potential to have one of the games top outfields. However, other players never found a resurgence. J.P. Crawford still struggled, Mitch Garver's average remained below the Mendoza line. Jorge Polanco never really got off the ground either, and after the season he underwent surgery for a knee injury that he had played through.

Given the absence of meaning in this game for playoff implications, I had to go into it with the mindset of enjoying one last baseball game before the winter. I was able to hang out with a couple friends, and we enjoyed a Mariners 2-0 victory with solo home runs from Mitch Garver and Cal Raleigh. Bryan Woo supplied the most Bryan Woo of outings, going 5 scoreless, striking out 8 and allowing only 3 hits. Gabe Speier threw a scoreless 6th. Gregory Santos, injured for most of the season, provided a scoreless 7th. Tayler Saucedo generated a scoreless 8th, and rookie Troy Taylor a scoreless 9th for his first major-league save.