This was my second visit to Wrigley, nearly ten years after the first
one. It was also the second park of the 3-park trip I took with my
dad. However, it was my first time seeing a night game at Wrigley,
which I was excited about.

The game started off to a pretty slow pace, but neither team scored
for the first three innings. In the top of the 4th, Jorge Soler walked
and was driven in on an RBI triple from Mike Yastrzemski. However,
that's all the Giants would get for a while. The Cubs bats remained
relatively silent. Despite getting the bases loaded in the bottom of
the 4th, the score remained 1-0 after 5.

The bottom of the 6th was when the game really took off. Third baseman
Michael Busch socked a 2-run shot to give the Cubs a 2-1 lead.
However, on the 2nd pitch of the top of the 7th, Heliot Ramos tied the
game with a home run of his own. The Giants proceeded to load the
bases, and despite a pitching change, took the lead on a bases loaded
hit-by-pitch.

However, this lead would also not last long. Randy Rodriguez got two
quick outs for the Giants in the bottom of the 7th, allowing a single
in between. Giants skipper Bob Melvin then turned to Erik Miller to
get the final out of the frame, but it took him a while to do that.
Patrick Wisdom stole second base, and Cody Bellinger walked. Seiya
Suzuki followed with a double that tied the game at 3. Ian Happ then
hit a bomb to give the Cubs a 6-3 lead in dramatic fashion.

The top of the 8th only saw 4 batters, but one of them was Patrick
Bailey, who hit a home run off the scoreboard in right field to close
the gap and make it a 6-4 game. The Cubs went 1-2-3 in the bottom of
the 8th.

Craig Counsell turned to Hector Neris to get the final three outs of
the ballgame. Michael Conforto began the inning with a groundout, but
Jorge Soler reached on a catcher interference, which I think is the
first time I've ever seen one in-person. Mike Yastrzemski followed
with a walk, putting the tying runs aboard and the go-ahead run was
coming to the plate in the form of Thairo Estrada. The game was turned
upside down once again as he hit a go-ahead three run bomb of his own
to give the Giants a 7-6 lead in the top of the 9th inning. 

At this point I was certain the Cubs would walk it off, since there
was no other way this game could end. However, the Giants brought in
shutdown closer Camilo Doval, and he retired all three men he faced,
securing the 7-6 win for the Giants.

This was an excellent experience at Wrigley and an excellent game to
boot.
