My first game in Milwaukee and the first of a three game baseball trip
my dad and I were taking. While we were visiting mostly for the
ballpark, we were going to be treated to some great baseball as well.

The Reds scored right away in the first off an Elly De La Cruz triple
and was brought in by a sacrifice fly from Jeimer Candelario. There
would be no more scoring for a bit, but in the 3rd, Elly was at it
again. He drew a 7-pitch walk from Brewers starter Colin Rea and then
stole second. After the steal, Rea made a pickoff attempt to second
base, but missed badly, and Elly ran to third. However, he kept going,
and made it all the way home to score and make it 2-0 Reds. A very
electric play that he managed to manufacture all by himself. He really
is fast.

The Reds tagged on another run with a home run from Spencer Steer to
lead off the 4th inning. The Brewers had looked pretty lifeless
against the Reds starter Frankie Montas to this point. However, they
started to get things going in the bottom of the 5th. They got
consecutive hits with a Joey Ortiz double and Sal Frelick single.
Jackson Chourio drove them in with a groundout, which made the score
3-1. The scoring for that inning ended there as Blake Perkins and
Brice Turang followed with strikeouts.

The bottom of the 6th though was when the Brewers would strike harder.
William Contreras began the inning with a single, and Christian Yelich
followed it up with a 9-pitch walk. This forced Montas out of the
game. In came Lucas Sims, and on the very first pitch, he gave up a
go-ahead home run to Willy Adames to make the score 4-3 in favor of
the Brew Crew. The Brewers would tag on another run in the bottom of
the 7th, with an excellent bunt single from Christian Yelich to make
the score 5-3.

The Reds answered right back, with Elly De La Cruz at it yet again
with a solo homer. This made it a 1-run game. The Reds got 2 more
baserunners, but Joel Payamps managed to strand the runners and keep
the score at 5-4. The Brewers went 1-2-3 in the bottom of the 8th. 

Trevor Megill was tasked with securing the final three outs for the
Brewers this Father's Day Sunday afternoon. The Reds 8-9-1 hitters
were coming up, meaning getting the first two outs were absolutely
crucial to prevent Elly from coming up yet again. Tyler Stephenson
struck out to begin the frame. Stuart Fairchild hit a ground ball to
short, but what looked like perhaps a routine play turned into a
two-base error as the throw from Willy Adames went into the camera
well. Megill got the next out on a flyout to short. This brought up
De La Cruz, who the Brewers wisely intentionally walked. This put the
go-ahead run aboard. Still, the Brewers only had one more out to go,
and therefore the Reds only one more out to work with. Light-hitting
Santiago Espinal was up next. On the 4th pitch of the at bat, he
singled to center field, and it sure looked like the Reds were about
to tie the game. However, Stuart Fairchild at second seemingly wasn't
going full speed, and was tagged out on a great throw from Brewers
center fielder Blake Perkins. It went to review, but the call stood,
giving the Brewers the victory as they managed to outlast the 9th
inning drama. A great game to begin the trip.
