This was my third game of 2024, coming on the final day of April. I
had actually been to a game on the 30th of April before. This context
will be important later, I promise.

I attended this game with my two housemates at the time, along with
a couple other friends who are as much into the Mariners and baseball
overall as I am.

Despite the pitiful start from their offense, the Mariners had found
themselves in first place. Their pitching had been so dominant, that
the few runs they managed to scrape across would be enough for them to
win anyway. If this team could improve their offense, they could run
away with it.

This was the middle game of a three game series with the Atlanta
Braves, yearly juggernaut in the National League. The previous night,
the Mariners were no-hit through most of the game, and fell behind 1-0
late. However, they managed to win the game on a walk-off 2-run home
run from struggling new designated hitter Mitch Garver.

The Mariners were starting Luis Castillo tonight, and he had looked a
little rocky recently with some control problems. The Braves were
throwing Reynaldo Lopez, a former top starting pitcher prospect who
eventually made it as a reliever, but had found some early success in
2024 back in the starter role.

The Mariners struck first in the bottom of the 3rd with a 2-home run
from new second baseman Jorge Polanco. They tacked on another run in
the bottom of the 4th with a double from Dylan Moore. I thought there
was no way 3 runs would be enough against the Braves.

However, for a while, it was. Luis Castillo was excellent. His control
issues were entirely absent, walking only one while striking out seven
over seven scoreless innings. The 8th began with Ryne Stanek coming
out to face the bottom of the Braves lineup. Catcher Travis d'Arnaud
started off with a single, advancing to second on a wild pitch. Former
Mariner Jarred Kelenic reached on an E4, putting runners on first and
second. While Stanek induced a lineout from 2023 NL MVP Ronald Acuña
Jr., Ozzie Albies followed with a single to drive in a run. With
the go-ahead run now coming to the plate, Scott Servais turned to
closer Andrés Muñoz to get five outs to finish the game. 

Austin Riley greeted Muñoz with a ground ball right to him, which
Muñoz proceeded to throw away and another run was scored. It was now a
one-run ballgame. Muñoz opted to intentionally walk feared hitter Matt
Olson, but he managed to strike out Marcell Ozuna, and Orlando Arcia
followed with a ground out, ending the inning. While three runs had
been enough for most of the game, it now looked like the Mariners
needed to add on, which they were unable to do in the 8th, keeping it
a one-run game.

Muñoz began the 9th by striking out Michael Harris II. He then induced
a lineout by Travis d'Arnaud, the man who started the Braves rally in
the 8th. Jarred Kelenic walked to the plate with two outs. What
followed was something he did all too often as a Mariner; a strikeout,
which ended the game and sealed the series win for the Mariners.

Despite the simply awful offensive start by the Mariners, they ended
April with a 17-13 record and alone in first place. Yes, the Astros
and Rangers were both performing worse than expected, but the Mariners
would take it. However, the Mariners were flying too close to the sun
with their unsustainable style of play. While they hit once in 2022
with a playoff appearance, they had missed in 2021 and 2023. More had
to go right this year, even than 2022. The pitching had so far done
their part, so it was time for the offense to step up and show what
they were capable of.

Also, remember when I mentioned that this was the second time I'd
attended a Mariners game on April 30th? Well, the first time, in the
bottom of the 8th inning, the Mariners played NSYNC's "It's Gonna Be
Me". However, listeners of the song will notice that the way "me" is
sung sounds more like "may". Therefore, the Mariners played it with
the subtitle "It's Gonna Be May", since it was indeed going to be May.
I was hoping they would play it again this year, and they did! I had
video from the time Andrew and I went in 2021, and the graphics on the
scoreboard were exactly the same as the first time, which I thought
was hilarious.
