Wow, this one was probably the most interesting game I'd been to, yet
most of the interesting stuff happened after we left. First of all,
there was a portable National Baseball Hall of Fame exhibit setup, so
we spent some time there. We got done there early, and for some reason
the gates at Kauffman Stadium don't open until an hour and a half or
so before first pitch, which is much later than other parks I've been
to; the norm is usually 2 hours. We were waiting in the muggy
mid-August heat, though we did know that thunderstorms were in the
forecast and were almost certainly going to cause a rain delay.

The beginning of the game was rather unassuming. Brian Dozier hit
another home run, which was neat. However, at around the bottom of the
4th inning we knew it was only a matter of time until the storm came.
The Royals were leading 4-1 at that point. If they could complete the
top of the 5th inning with a lead, they would win the game if they
couldn't resume the game that night. However, the Twins tied the game
at 4, and almost directly after, the game entered a rain delay. Fans
stormed out of the stadium, including my dad and I, since we had an
early flight the next morning and couldn't stick around. Getting out
was a little bit of a nightmare, since everyone was trying to leave at
once. Two cars in front of us even ended up in a collision, stopping
one of the two outgoing lanes of traffic. This ended our experience
there, but the game itself still had a lot left.

During the rain delay, some young kids started running around the
concourse, just as a way to entertain themselves, and this got on the
broadcast. Eventually, the game did resume. However, there was ANOTHER
delay, this time because half the lights in the stadium went out, an
<i>extremely</i> rare type of delay. The game eventually resumed
again. They even went extra innings, and the Royals walked it off in
the bottom of the 11th inning. The game ended at 2:15 AM. With us
getting up around 4 to leave, it was a good idea that we didn't stick
around.

In summary, a very interesting and very weird game. I'd really like to
go back to Kauffman, so I can get a full game experience, because it
was a nice park and I wanted to be there longer.
