This was Fan Appreciation Night, my 2nd, first since 2017. I went to
this game with several friends, though this was notably the first game
since July of 2019 that I hadn't gone to with Andrew, as he was
studying abroad. The game had enormous playoff implications, as the
Mariners were tied with the Red Sox for the second wild card spot. The
Red Sox played the Nationals, and won, so the Mariners had to win just
to keep pace.

The crowd was a sellout, the first since Opening Day 2019, which I was
also in attendance for. The first inning was great, since Marco
cruised through. The Mariners scored what would end up being their
only run in the bottom of the 2nd inning. The crowd understandably
went wild when that happened. Unfortunately, Marco struggled mightily
in the 3rd, giving up 2 runs before recording an out. While those would
be the only two runs he allowed, that proved to be enough as the
Mariners offense could just not get anything going that night. They
had runners on first and third in the bottom of the 7th with nobody
out, and struck out three times to end the inning.

The game proved to be very boring, since there was no scoring after
the top of the 3rd. I and everyone else in the park was so prepared to
get very excited, and that moment just never came. The game was
followed by a fireworks show, and we got to sit on the field, which
was neat. The grass was so short and the dirt was so well kept that it
almost felt fake, like turf. While I was very disappointed after the
game, the fireworks show helped a little bit at least. 

Unfortunately, the Mariners did not make it to the playoffs, or even a
tiebreaker game. However, they did finish 90-72, blowing their
pre-season projections out of the water and surprising everyone. The
next thing to do was to make some big time acquisitions to prove that
the team meant business and was ready to break the drought once and
for all.
