I went to this game with Andrew, now our 3rd game at T-Mobile Park.
Mariners had split the series to this point, and were off to a 10-5
start. Jake Odorizzi had a rough first inning, throwing almost 40
pitches, though only allowed 1 run in that inning. Nick Margevicius
pitched well, though had to leave due to arm fatigue in the 5th
inning. The bullpen really picked him up, allowing no hits the rest of
the game, and Marge only allowed one, resulting in a combined
one-hitter! The Mariners broke out the bats in the bottom of the 5th,
scoring 4 runs and taking a lead they wouldn't give back. 

This was the largest win margin to this point in the season, at 5
runs, and therefore their first “blowout” win by Baseball-Reference’s
standards. The weather was super nice, an impossible mid-70s day in
April. As a result Andrew and I both got sunburned on our arms. The
boos were also VERY loud, since this was the first series the Astros
played in Seattle with fans after the 2017 cheating scandal came to
light in late 2019/early 2020. Since we sat in the left field
bleachers, there was also a lot of heckling aimed at the Astros left
fielder, Chas McCormick, despite the fact that he made his MLB debut
in 2021 and had nothing to do with the scandal. There was a legendary
group of hecklers behind us that were going at it most of the game,
and was by far the most heckling I’d ever heard. Overall fantastic
experience, though sunscreen is a must for future day Mariners games.
