Somehow, after all these years this was my first time seeing the
Rangers play the Mariners at T-Mobile Park. Opening Day 2020 was
originally scheduled in late March against them, but that was canceled
due to the COVID-19 pandemic. I also saw the Rangers play in Oakland
in 2021. My dad and I took the light rail to this game, which was a
first for us. Chris Flexen started this game, who I felt like I'd
already seen pitch many times to this point. Unfortunately Julio
Rodriguez didn't play in this game, due to a sore wrist he suffered
before the All-Star Break. Despite performing in the derby and doing
fine, the pain recurred and he had to sit out 4 days, this being the
last.

The scoring started in the 3rd, with a couple singles, groundout and a
wild pitch giving the Rangers a 1-0 lead. Fortunately, that lead
didn't last long and the Mariners scored 2 in the 4th to give them a
lead. The Mariners would tack on with a solo home run from Ty France
in the 5th, though the Rangers would get that run right back with a
home run by Adolis Garcia. The Mariners got a 4th run off a groundout.
The 9th inning was a little rocky. The inning started with a home run
from Nathaniel Lowe off Diego Castillo, which was not exactly
inspiring. Leody Taveras followed with a single, and then a walk from
Kole Calhoun. At this point there are runners on 1st and 2nd with
nobody out, clinging to a 1 run lead. Castillo did get a strikeout of
Ezequiel Duran, but Servais opted to go to Erik Swanson, who really
had a dominant season to that point. He got a foul pop-out and a weak
groundout to end the game, giving the Mariners yet another 1-run
victory.

One other note from this game; in the past, the Mariners had soft
serve ice cream all throughout the park, and was something I always
got. However, I walked around the entire main concourse to only find
one location with this soft serve ice cream. I ordered the ice cream,
noticing someone else at another register receiving theirs. However, I
was told I'd have to wait 20 minutes for the machine to cool down or
something. I had already paid for it to this point, so I decided to
wait. After about 10 minutes I got back in line to check on the
status, and then was told that they weren't selling ice cream for the
time being. So I didn't get my ice cream, and I also had to get a
refund since I already paid for it. While the manager for that
specific stand offered a replacement item, I insisted I wanted a
refund as there was nothing else there I wanted. So I didn't end up
with any ice cream, and will likely not pay for anything until
receiving the item. I also won't be looking for soft serve anymore,
since it's proven to be fruitless a few times this season already. I
really hope it returns at some point.
