This weekend the Mariners were inducting Ichiro to the Mariners Hall
of Fame. This move was obvious to anyone who watched Ichiro at any
point in his prime. While we were planning on attending this anyway,
it happened to land on my 22nd birthday, making it the first time I'd
attend a Mariners game on my birthday. Coming from north of Seattle,
we opted to park at the recently opened Northgate Link light rail
station and ride the train to the stadium. Ideally it would be cheaper
than parking at the stadium (it was) and quicker getting out of the
stadium after the game (it wasn't, like at all).

We arrived to the park maybe 10 or 15 minutes after the gates opened,
but the lines were still extremely long to get into the park. The wait
was about 15 or 20 minutes to get in. We were also able to get one of
the Ichiro t-shirts they were giving away to the first 20,000 fans, so
I was glad we were able to get one without having to get in line
before the gates opened.

We made our way to our seats, which were excellent, perhaps my
favorite general area to sit, which was the third base side. We were
in section 141, row 19. The ceremony began at 6:30, with longtime
Mariners broadcaster Rick Rizzs starting it off. He introduced the
other Mariners Hall of Famers, to which each received resounding
applause, as well as other important guests. Videos were shown of
players expressing their amazement of Ichiro's ability and career, as
well as his dedication as a person. Mariners owner John Stanton gave a
speech, and for maybe the first time ever, Ichiro himself gave a
speech in English. Ichiro has traditionally used an interpreter to
avoid things getting miscommunicated or lost in translation, but
perhaps since his speech was written down he opted to do the speech in
English. The speech was excellent, with some humorous anecdotes and
plenty of acknowledgments mixed in. 

Once he finished the speech, it was already 7:15, 5 minutes past the
originally scheduled first pitch. The game started at around 7:30. We
got the privilege of seeing Luis Castillo for the first time, who the
Mariners acquired at the trade deadline from the Cincinnati Reds.
Along with Robbie Ray, he's helped solidify the top of the starting
rotation and given us an ace for the first time since Felix Hernandez.
While the Guardians were fouling off an absolute ton of pitches, he
only gave up 1 run over 6 innings while throwing 115 pitches, 85 for
strikes.

As for the Mariners offense, Eugenio Suarez led off the 2nd inning
with a solo shot to give the Mariners an early 1-0 lead. Julio
followed that up in the 3rd inning with another solo home run,
extending the lead to 2-0. In the middle of the game, Ty France got
ejected by the home plate umpire, who was having quite a bad day. Ty
France told him "All three strikes you called were balls." The umpire
asked him to repeat what he said, France did, and then the umpire gave
him the hook, in a move that only reinforces the consensus that
umpires are soft. Anyway, Jake Lamb replaced him at first base, and
hit a solo home run of his own in the bottom of the 7th, extending the
Mariners lead to 3-1; Jose Ramirez hit a home run in the 4th.

To this point in the season, the Mariners had a 51-0 record when
leading after 7 innings. Andres Muñoz, who has become an excellent
weapon out of the Mariners bullpen, came in to start the 8th. Left
fielder Steven Kwan worked a walk on a questionable ball 3 call that
really should have been strike 3. Amed Rosario followed up with a
single, and Jose Ramirez, being Jose Ramirez hit a double down the
left field line (hitting left-handed) and brought the Guardians within
a run. Josh Naylor followed that up with an RBI groundout, that was
hit too softly to get the runner coming home. Directly after that,
Andres Giminez lined out to center field, now giving the Guardians a
4-3 lead.

In the bottom of the 8th, James Karinchak came in to pitch for the
Guardians. There had been some rumblings of him using sticky stuff
again, as his spinrate had increased recently after seeing a drop in
2021 after the sticky stuff ban was actually enforced. He sat down the
Mariners in order, taking what felt like forever between pitches as
he'd spin the ball around in almost a juggling fashion as well as
touching the back of his hat between every pitch. Despite being
checked by the umpire, they either weren't thorough or Karinchak was
able to rub off the substance before being checked, avoiding
consequence. However, I'm still suspicious that he's doing something
illegal, and I'm not just saying this because the Mariners did poorly
against him.

While the Mariners sat down the Guardians in order, the Guardians did
the same for the Mariners in the 9th, despite the Mariners sending up
Julio Rodriguez, hot-hitting Dylan Moore, and Mitch Haniger. I didn't
realize until after the game that the Mariners only had 3 reach base
all game, and those were the three solo home runs. So despite the home
runs, a really poor showing from the Mariners offense. While the
ceremony was enjoyable, I do wish the Mariners had been able to
squeeze out a win on my birthday.
