This would have been my dad and I's 10th consecutive home opener, but
the COVID year reduced it to 9 in 10 years. However, this was perhaps
the most anticipated home opener. After breaking their infamous 21
year postseason drought, this was the first time I got to experience a
home opener after a postseason appearance. The Mariners showed a sit
down interview with Cal Raleigh about breaking the drought, which was
a very neat clip. The Guardians starting catcher was former Mariner
Mike Zunino, which created a powerful photo when he was watching the
video while preparing for the game on the field. For non-Mariners
fans, Mike Zunino was basically supposed to be what Cal Raleigh is
now, but stunted development and continued struggles made that an
impossibility with his time in Seattle.

The player introductions were as hype as ever. Nearly everyone got a
hearty cheer, and made me realize how cool it is to have these players
that have been around long enough to gain a positive reputation. Many
years under Jerry Dipoto we've had high turnover, but now that we
finally have a bit of a core, and even some of those edge pieces, we
have several players that are now household names that are all
actually good baseball players. Julio Rodriguez, coming off his Rookie
of the Year season, got a lot of applause as one would expect.
Mariners fans were also extremely excited for Jarred Kelenic, with his
impressive showing in Spring Training despite his quite poor
performance thus far as a big-leaguer. Understandably, no one on the
Guardians elicited much applause, except for the aforementioned Mike
Zunino, who honestly received a lot more applause than I was
expecting.

Luis Castillo was making his first Opening Day start for the Mariners.
Watching him pitch made me realize how cool it was that the Mariners
managed to trade for an undoubted ace in the middle of the previous
season, and have him make the Opening Day start the next season. This
was another thing that I could never dream of in previous seasons. We
had Felix Hernandez for many years, as a homegrown pitcher. But the
other trades the Mariners have made for starting pitchers have all
been middle or backend starter guys. The Mariners did trade for Marco
Gonzales, who was their Opening Day starter for a few seasons, but he
is definitely not an ace, despite his extremely good 2020 season that
perhaps made some Mariners fans think otherwise. The Mariners never
really had the trade capital to trade for such a starter, and would
often be beat out by other teams. But to be able to not only beat out
other teams, but the Yankees were one of those, who Castillo faced in
one of his final starts as a Red, and was the team Castillo started
against in his Mariner debut. Just incredible poetry there, especially
when the Yankees next choice, Frankie Montas was acquired and then
injured shortly afterwards. He is starting the 2023 on the injured
list as well.

Anyway, Luis Castillo shoved, as expected. There was a brief scare in
the 3rd inning, when Guardians right fielder Will Brennan hit a ball
that struck Castillo. Fortunately, Castillo was relatively unscathed
as it managed to be softened by his long hair, and after a few warmup
pitches, was set to go. Something notable is he managed to strike out
Steven Kwan and Myles Straw swinging, both scrappy players who have an
extremely low swing and miss rate. After six scoreless innings, Scott
Servais opted to move to his incredible bullpen to handle the rest of
the game. Matt Brash was the first reliever to come in, and
immediately showed off his incredible slider by striking out Jose
Ramirez swinging. It was so nasty that Ramirez spun around and fell
over, creating an amazing contender for "Bad Swing of the Year" on day
one. Paul Sewald followed in the 8th inning, sitting the Guardians
down 1-2-3.

To this point, the game was still scoreless, and was going incredibly
quickly with the help of the new pitch clock. After Trevor Stephan
pitched the 7th inning, Cleveland manager Terry Francona opted to
bring in James Karinchak. For those who have watched Karinchak in the
past, you may know that he's relatively fidgety. He also struggled
after the crackdown on sticky stuff back in 2021, but mysteriously was
good again in the 2022 season, when umpires had stopped checking
nearly as much; I even noted this when he pitched against the Mariners
in 2022 in a game I attended. However, MLB noted that they would begin
checking for sticky stuff more diligently again in 2023, meaning
Karinchak had a couple things working against him that he'd need to
quickly adapt to. The first hitter he'd face would be the Mariners #9
hitter, shortstop J.P. Crawford. While J.P. isn't an amazing hitter
(well he wasn't yet at least), he has a good eye and will take his
walks. The at bat started off 0-2, but before the third pitch,
Karinchak took too long, and was called for a pitch clock violation,
the first of the game for either team. Fans immediately latched onto
this and got very excited. The next pitch SAILED over the catchers
head for ball 2. At this point, the fans knew it was time to try and
get into Karinchak's head. They began counting down the pitch clock
once it got to ten seconds, which created for an incredibly fun
environment. J.P. Crawford ended up walking, though ball 4 was
actually a foul ball, which is stupidly non-reviewable, thus giving
the Mariners quite a break to start the inning. Next up was Julio, who
made some contact off the end of the bat, which sadly resulted in a
fly out to center. Next hitter Kolten Wong got to a 3-2 count, before
being hit by a pitch to put runners on first and second for Ty France.
On a 1-1 count, France hit a fly ball to right field that just got out
of the park for a 3 run home run to give the Mariners a 3-0 lead.
Francona at that point had seen enough, pulling Karinchak probably a
batter too late. Cleveland pitcher Enyel de los Santos retired the
next two Mariners in order, suddenly limiting the Guardians to their
final 3 outs.

In to pitch was Mariners fireballer Andres Mu単oz. While Paul Sewald
led the Mariners with 20 saves last season, they largely didn't have
an official closer, which was by design as they had enough good arms
to work with whatever they had, and they'd often put Sewald in
whenever the three best hitters were coming up for the opposing team
instead of a save situation. All this to say, if the Mariners had one
reliever who would be best suited for closer this 2023 season, Andres
Mu単oz is likely the best candidate. So we'll see how this plays out.
Anyway, Mu単oz got two ground ball outs to start the inning. However,
Guardians shortstop Amed Rosario singled, and Jose Ramirez doubled on
the very next pitch. Suddenly the tying run was at the plate in the
form of Josh Bell, who could absolutely tie up the game with one
swing. But in a 2-2 count, Bell grounded out to Ty France at first,
who flipped it to Andres Mu単oz for the final out, netting the Mariners
another Opening Day win. Another wonderful Opening Day experience at
T-Mobile Park.
