In my first return to T-Mobile Park for a baseball game in three
months, the Mariners were taking on the Kansas City Royals in a
critical series, as they all were at this point in the season. The
Royals were bad, and were a virtual lock for 100 losses on the season.
That being said, they played the Mariners incredibly tough just a week
prior, with every game being close despite the Mariners taking 3 of 4.
That series in Kansas City was the start of an incredible road trip
from the Mariners, in which they took 8 out of the 10 games, including
a 3-game sweep of the ever dangerous Houston Astros. While the
Mariners had been in pursuit of a wild card spot all season, they were
suddenly only one game back of the division-leading Texas Rangers,
who, despite leading the division most of the season, were suddenly
falling apart, having lost each of their last 6 games. They were
playing in Minnesota tonight against the Twins, so that game was
almost guaranteed to end before the Mariners game did.

Mariners rookie Bryce Miller took the hill, easily sitting down the
first three Royals hitters in order. The Royals were sending out Brady
Singer, who had utterly dominated the Mariners his last time out,
taking a perfect game against them into the 7th inning, until the
Mariners finally notched a hit. However, the Mariners wasted no time
in getting their first hit tonight, as shortstop J.P Crawford led off
the bottom of the first by hitting a home run on Singer's very first
pitch. The Mariners continued their early scoring, as catcher Cal
Raleigh drove in Julio Rodriguez to give the Mariners a 2-0 lead.
However, Bryce Miller suddenly ran into trouble in the next inning,
giving up several hits that resulted in a 3-2 Royals lead, and
throwing 35 pitches in the process, once the inning finally finished.
After a couple quiet innings, the Mariners responded with 2 more runs
to retake the lead for a 4-3 score.

Despite the long 2nd, Miller lasted 4 innings, replaced in the 5th
with Isaiah Campbell, who set down all three Royals he faced. The
Royals starter also only lasted 4 innings, which was great news for
the Mariners. Not only did they beat the guy who dominated them about
ten days ago, but they got into one of the worst bullpens in baseball.
They got to work right away by scoring 2 more on a wild pitch and a
single. Going to the 6th, former Royal Gabe Speier emerged from
Seattle's pen to set down the three batters he faced. However,
Speier's successor, Matt Brash, got into some trouble in the seventh.
Despite having nasty stuff that made even the best hitters look silly,
he let up a two-run homer that cut the lead to just a run. Despite
getting two outs, he yielded a triple, and was replaced with local kid
Tayler Saucedo, who got the final out to end the threat.

It is now the seventh inning stretch, and the Rangers game has ended.
They got thumped, 12-2. If the Mariners win this game, they will move
into a tie for first place in the American League West. The Mariners
do not score in the 7th, clinging to their 6-5 lead. The Mariners
brought in their next reliever in Justin Topa, a 32-year old rookie
who came out of nowhere to be absolutely dominant. He, like a few
other relievers before him, set down the Royals in order. In the
bottom of the 8th, the Mariners managed to tack on one more run to
make it a 7-5 game. Onto the 9th, where Mariners closer Andres Muñoz
was waiting. Despite nailing down 6 saves that month, he had blown a
save to these same Royals in their series in Kansas City, being put
into the uncomfortable position to throw 42 pitches, by far the most
he had ever thrown in an appearance. The panic started immediately, as
Royals first baseman Matt Beaty singled. Muñoz retired right fielder
Drew Waters on a groundout, but then proceeded to walk Kyle Isbel, who
hit that 2-run home run that Brash yielded earlier. Muñoz coaxed yet
another groundout, now from leadoff third baseman Maikel Garcia,
resulting in the second out of the inning. The Mariners were one out
away from holding a share of first place in their division. They
hadn't done this in 20 years. The crowd was a sellout. Everyone was
waiting for this moment. Muñoz now had to face young Royals phenom
Bobby Witt Jr., though he opted to intentionally walk him. The last
man standing between the Seattle Mariners and first place was
pinch-hitter Freddy Fermin. Muñoz began with a fastball down the
middle of the plate. Strike one. The next pitch was way inside, a
sinker, called ball one. Pitch number 3 was a sinker, a middle-low
pitch that Fermin fouled off for strike two. Muñoz, who normally had
an excellent slider, had been struggling with it lately. Nonetheless,
he tried to get Fermin to swing at it for strike three, but Fermin
didn't bite as it ended up outside for ball 2. Having thrown two
sinkers in this at bat already, Muñoz opted to use that pitch one more
time, and it was far inside, but Fermin swung anyway. Strike three,
game over. Despite being 7.5 games back just ten days prior, the
Seattle Mariners had moved into a tie for first place in the division.

While they would take sole possession of first just two days later,
they did not hold onto the division lead. The Seattle Mariners,
Houston Astros, and Texas Rangers all took turns in first place for
varying periods over the next several weeks. While the teams not in
first were in good position for a wild card, the Toronto Blue Jays
were threatening for a spot as well, and with either the Tampa Bay
Rays or Baltimore Orioles all but locks for the first wild card, that
left those 4 teams for the 3 spots in the postseason. All we can do
now, is watch.
