The Pirates were one of the four remaining teams I hadn't seen
in-person; the other three are the Atlanta Braves, New York Mets, and
Cincinnati Reds. This was an end-of-academic-year work celebration,
which was exciting. It was also paid for by my job, which was a huge
plus. This was a student employee position at my university, so it was
a nice soft-end to this job. The Mariners were wearing their City
Connect uniforms for only the second time, as they had been on the
road the previous two Friday home games since the debut. Hence, this
was my first time seeing them in-person.

Our seats were in the upper deck, section 311, row 20 or so. I have
sat a lot of places in T-Mobile Park. I have <i>never</i> sat this far
back. Truly the nosebleeds of all nosebleeds. It was a 7:10 first
pitch, but it was a pretty hot day in Seattle, almost 80°. A few of us
went to hang out at the patio area behind home plate on the upper
deck, which was a nice way to cool off and hang out before first
pitch. As a result, I missed the national anthem for perhaps the first
time ever where I was actually on time for the game.

Once the game started, we all immediately realized the seats were a
problem. We were right in the sun, and while it wouldn't be in our
faces forever, it was still really hot. It was also extremely
difficult to see the ball when hit off the bat. One of our group
members went to look for seats closer to the field, and he managed to
find many seats in section 138. After the top of the first, we all
went down to those seats. Unfortunately we missed a Julio Rodriguez
home run in the process, but these seats were <i>much</i> better, some of the
best I'd had in a while. No usher ever asked to check our tickets, so
we were able to hang out down there the entire game.

In what was lined up to be a good pitching match, George Kirby was
facing Pittsburgh's Mitch Keller. However, it ended up being the
complete opposite. Unfortunately, Kirby got hit really hard for some
reason. He gave up 7 runs, all earned. He gave up 4 home runs, which
is very much not like him. There were some concerns online that there
were some juiced ball shenanigans going on, citing that it was
Memorial Day weekend and there would be a higher viewership than
normal. But it may have just been because of the high temperatures I
mentioned earlier. While Kirby had a poor day, Keller ended up giving
up 6 earned runs of his own. However, by the time he was removed from
the game in the 7th inning, it was already 10-6 Pirates. While I was
hoping for some sort of comeback, the Mariners fell short and the
final score was 11-6. There was a postgame sing-along fireworks show,
which was fun. Despite the loss, it was still a fun time at the
ballpark.
