My first ever spring training game! This trip had been in the works since Christmas 2021, but the 2022 lockout postponed it by a year; planning just became too difficult with the uncertainty. A somewhat rare night spring training game, the weather was very nice and warm. The park was nothing super interesting to be honest, which I kind of expected given that it's spring training. Peoria Stadium has some seats going from the left field foul pole, around home plate and to the right field foul pole. Beyond the outfield is just a grass lawn, which allows people to bring blankets or yard chairs or whatever they'd like to sit on. While I was here, I decided to finally purchase a northwest green Julio Rodriguez jersey. I had been after one for several months, but the online store nor the Mariners Team Store had any available. But waiting paid off as this one came with the 2023 All Star Game logo patch, as the game will be held in Seattle.

The Mariners got off to a hot start, scoring 4 runs in the first inning and didn't look back. They scored 5 more in the 4th, and won handily by a score of 10-5. Sadly, this would be the only game of the 3 we saw of the Mariners where they'd win. But given that it was spring training, the wins and losses mean far less than during the regular season. Also, this was <i>technically</i> the first Mariners road game I saw. But it was spring training, and it was also in their home stadium, as they and the Padres share the complex. So this doesn't count.
