This was the final leg of our 3-game trip, and we made the 4-hour
drive to Arlington from Houston where we were staying. This was the
only afternoon game on the trip.The game started at 1:35, which is one
of the latest afternoon games I've been to. The game I went to at
Wrigley way back in 2014 started at 1:20, and the Mariners 2017 home
opener started at 2:10 for some reason; I'm pretty sure that's the
only 2:10 start the Mariners have had in the past decade. Anyway, the
stadium is enormous, and I'll go into detail more in my ballpark
review. 

My friend from college Andrew, now living in Texas, joined my dad and
I for this game. Max Scherzer started for the Rangers, and this was
our second time seeing Scherzer, both times after being traded
midseason in fact; we saw him in his Dodger debut in 2021. He had a
really rough time this game, as the Brewers seemed to foul off a ton
of pitches and he could just not really finish guys off. He was up to
about 80 pitches through just 3 innings, which is such a high total.
He only lasted 3.2, while giving up 3 runs. While that line alone
doesn't sound too bad, he just threw far too many pitches to go
further than that. The Brewers took the lead in the top of the 3rd,
scoring 2 runs. The Rangers and scorching-hot Corey Seager answered
back with a solo home run to make it a one-run game. After that, there
was a lot of nothing, and I ended up walking around the park a bit
mid-game just to see some things. The Brewers scored 3 runs in the top
of the 8th off of Rangers closer Will Smith, and despite making things
interesting in the bottom of the 9th, the Rangers ultimately fell to
the Brewers, 6-2, resulting in a sweep from the Brewers. This was the
preferred outcome for the Mariners, as it allowed them to get even
closer to the Rangers in the standings. While the game itself wasn't
the most interesting, it's always great seeing a new stadium.
