Went to this game with my friend Jason, which is the 5th game we've
attended together. Mariners came off a .500 road trip, which felt
worse than it was, since the losses were a walk-off in extras in
Cleveland, a walk-off in extras in Chicago (vs the Cubs), and then
blowing a 7-0 lead. However, the 3 games in Chicago all contained a
Jarred Kelenic home run, who really appears to be finally breaking out
and learning how to succeed in MLB. His most recent home run prior to
this game was a shot to dead center field in Chicago, and it made it
to the <i>second deck</i>, which is just incredible.

This game was a Cal Raleigh clinch bobblehead giveaway, which we made
it in time for. Marco Gonzales was scheduled to start the game for the
Mariners, but only a few hours before first pitch, it was announced
that he was going on paternity leave, and that Tommy Milone would be
starting in his spot. He had pitched in 2019 and 2022 for the
Mariners, and despite being below average, always seemed to keep you
in the game. On the second batter of the game, he surrendered a home
run to Rockies right fielder Kris Bryant, whose contract has
essentially been thought of universally a bad deal for both sides. He
got paid, but he has to play in Colorado, and the Rockies aren't
exactly trying to contend. Somehow, Bryant has not yet hit a home run
in Coors Field, though was injured for a significant portion of 2022,
the first year of his deal. I was slightly worried, but Milone bounced
back and got the next two outs without issue.

Kelenic started in left field for the Mariners, which was somewhat of
a big deal because he was planned to be used against right handed
pitchers, and the Rockies were starting lefty Austin Gomber. But
hitting home runs in three consecutive games seemed to push Scott
Servais over the edge, and gave Kelenic the opportunity to start
against a southpaw. In his first at bat of the game, in the bottom of
the second with a runner on first, he hit an absolute nuke out to
straightaway center field to give the Mariners a 2-1 lead they
wouldn't look back on. The Mariners played add-on in the bottom of the
4th with doubles from Julio Rodriguez and Ty France. A walk to the
next batter would end Gomber's night. Milone wouldn't last much
longer, as he was taken out in the top of the 5th after getting the
first two outs. Trevor Gott came on, who closed out the 5th but ran
into some trouble in the 6th, allowing consecutive singles to open the
inning followed by a popfly, walk and a single. Scott Servais went to
his bullpen again, this time for Matt Brash. Despite walking in a run,
Brash got the final two outs on strikeouts and put out the small fire.
Gabe Speier, who had been a nice surprise for the Mariners, came into
the 8th and got 3 outs in 2 pitches, after Justin Topa pitched the
7th. Paul Sewald came into the 9th, and retired the side in order to
seal the win for the Mariners.
