In the month since the last game I attended, the playoff picture was
becoming clearer. Unfortunately, the Mariners division lead did not
last, and they found themselves with a far more realistic shot at a
wild card spot than a division title. But even then, their shot at a
wild card spot no longer felt realistic. The final 10 stretch of
games, which included 3 in Texas, 3 vs Houston, and now 4 vs Texas,
had started almost as poorly as possible. They got swept aside in
Texas, managing only 1 win in 6 games there this season. Despite
already clinching the tiebreaker over Houston in August, they lost 2
of 3 against them at home when it mattered most. I pretty much knew
their playoff chances were over after Monday's game, when they lost to
Justin Verlander after Luis Castillo had an absolutely atrocious start
when he was needed most. While Tuesday provided a little hope in a 6-2
win, it was even more over after an 8-3 loss on Wednesday, putting
them back 1.5 games of Houston and 4 of Texas with only 4 more games
to play. They managed to scrape together a win on Thursday night, with
J.P. Crawford playing hero and walking the Mariners off, after being
down 2-1 since the 4th inning. While there was still mathematically a
chance that the Mariners could make the postseason, there was
absolutely nothing from their play in September (9-16 record by that
point) that indicated they were capable of making even a 3-game run.
That being said, they were still in it, and had to play as such.

Getting the ball for the Mariners was rookie Bryan Woo, who had a
couple poor outings against Texas before. One of those was his major
league debut in June, and another being just five days prior to end
the series in Texas. With the teams playoff hopes hanging by a thread,
he was sorely needed tonight. The first inning went strikeout, walk,
strikeout, walk, and strikeout, which was pretty stressful. The second
inning was better, with only a single followed by a couple flyouts and
a strikeout. The third inning however, he really labored. It began
with a single by Marcus Semien, then a walk by Corey Seager. Mitch
Garver flew out which moved Semien to third. Adolis Garcia then struck
out, but after getting to a 2-2 count on Nathaniel Lowe, Woo hit Lowe,
loading up the bases. After getting into a 3-2 count with Josh Jung,
Woo coaxed another flyout to snuff out the threat and keep the game
scoreless.

While many of the Mariners bats had struggled lately, one player in Ty
France was beginning to stick out like a sore thumb. He was hitting a
lot of ground balls, which is not good for a player with his lack of
speed. When he does get base hits, they are usually just singles, but
again since he's so slow, he would basically never take the extra
base. While he gets on base from a lot of hit by pitches, they're
often on his wrist, leading to potential injuries, further worsening
his hitting ability. Despite all of these obvious flaws in his game,
Ty France did the unthinkable and lead off the bottom of the third
with a home run, his first in well over a month. After a groundout by
Jarred Kelenic, trade deadline acquisition Josh Rojas hit a home run
of his own. Eugenio Suarez, another struggling Mariners hitter,
doubled in J.P. Crawford a few batters later. Thanks to Bryan Woo's
tremendous efforts to keep the Rangers off the board, the Mariners now
had a 3-0 lead.

Woo began the 4th with another flyout, and then a groundout. While by
this point he had only logged 3.2 innings, he had thrown 82 bullets,
many of them high-stress. Local product Tayler Saucedo came in to
relieve him of his duties, getting a strikeout to end the inning. The
Mariners offense picked up right where it left off, beginning with a
single from Teoscar Hernandez, a walk from Mike Ford, and Ty France
getting yet <i>another</i> hit by pitch. This loaded the bases for
Jarred Kelenic, who struck out on the 7th pitch of the at bat. While
they had a 3-0 lead, the Mariners could not afford to blow a bases
loaded no out opportunity, like they had so many times this season. Up
next was Josh Rojas, who once again delivered with a single to move
everyone up a base, scoring the Mariners 4th run. The Rangers opted to
go to their bullpen at this point, taking out Nathan Eovaldi, who had
thrown 80 pitches himself. Up next was last night's hero, J.P.
Crawford, and he delivered yet again, this time with a grand slam to
double the Mariners lead to 8-0.

In an ideal world, this would be the dagger in the Rangers heart, the
final blow that would have hopefully put the Mariners in a great spot
for a postseason berth. But this was not an ideal world. Not because
the Mariners didn't win, you can see clearly from the final score that
it ended at 8-0, but for the reasons mentioned at the start of this
entry. Being too many games out with too few left to play. By not
playing well over the final month, and even worse in this final
stretch of games against the teams you were competing against for a
spot. They controlled their own destiny. But if you don't play well
enough, it doesn't matter.

Despite the Mariners win tonight, tomorrow was a different story.
While the Mariners ace Luis Castillo took the mound, his start was
even worse than the one against the Astros earlier in the week. He had
no control, and walked 5 guys, yielding 4 runs and not even making it
out of the 3rd inning. He had made it through at least 5 innings in
every start this year, until now. The Mariners went on to lose this
game 6-1, and in the process, allowed the Rangers to clinch a
postseason spot on the Mariners home field. After the game, Rangers
shortstop Corey Seager was interviewed, and commented how great it was
to play for a team that was willing to spend and get the pieces
necessary to take the next step. Every Mariners fan knew this was a
shot at the Mariners, who had missed out on many free agents that
would have helped them immensely. Not to mention the Mariners employed
Corey Seager's brother Kyle, who played for the Mariners for a decade,
and had a very poor relationship with Jerry Dipoto near the end. He
had been vocal about the teams' refusal to commit to winning.

While the Rangers win didn't knock the Mariners out of postseason
contention, the Astros win down in Arizona did. For the 4th time in
the last 10 years, the Mariners had been eliminated from postseason
contention in either game 161 or 162. Only one team had even
experienced this fate more than once. While the Mariners managed to
win on the final day of the season, it was completely pointless for
them. Ironically enough, it prevented the Rangers from winning the
division, which the Astros took yet again by virtue of a tiebreaker.
While the Astros made it to the championship series for the 2nd year
in a row, it was the Rangers that beat them to the pennant. Despite
losing all 3 games at home, they took all 4 games in Houston, winning
the series in 7 games. If that wasn't enough, the Rangers followed
that up by winning their first ever World Series in 5 games versus the
underdog Arizona Diamondbacks. With the Diamondbacks making it to the
Fall Classic, that marked the third year in a row that the National
League pennant winner had a worse record than the Mariners. However,
the Rangers World Series championship was a much bigger deal with
regards to the Mariners. The Rangers had finished with 102 losses in
2021, the same year the Mariners won 90 games for the first time in
almost twenty years. Yet just two years later, the Rangers catapulted
to that same 90-72 record the 2021 Mariners had, winning the whole
thing while the Mariners took a step back to finish with just 88 wins.

Many Mariners fans were upset at the conclusion of the season with how
it ended. Even the players were outspoken at the need of big names on
the team. Starting catcher Cal Raleigh, who played almost every game
in September, spoke after Saturday's game that the team needed to go
out and get big name pitchers and big name hitters so the team could
take the next step. Despite apologizing the next morning before the
season's finale, a few other players, namely Ty France, J.P. Crawford
and Logan Gilbert all came out in support of Raleigh and agreed with
his sentiment after the final game ended. Despite finally ending the
drought in 2022, it was clear that wasn't enough, nor should it be. We
had been told that this team would be competitive year after year, and
while they were indeed competitive, it feels like almost everything
needs to go right for this team to even make it. Compare that to the
Rangers, who had many injuries and an atrocious bullpen, and
<i>still</i> managed to not just make it, but win it all. The Mariners
once again have the most important offseason in recent memory in front
of them, and it's time to spend now more than ever.
