My brother and sister-in-law live in southern California, and I went
to visit them shortly after I graduated college. One thing I wanted to
do was attend a game at Dodger Stadium, and so we did just that. My
brother is very much not a sports fan, but he agreed to go to this
game with me. It was the first time ever just the two of us went to a
game together. The game started at 7:10, and I wanted to make sure we
got there plenty early. We arrived shortly after 5 and made our way
inside. This was my first time revisiting a ballpark outside of
Seattle, which was super neat. While Dodger Stadium hadn't changed too
much since my visit only two years prior, the Dodgers did carve out a
section in the left and right field bleachers for some more standing
room ahead of the All-Star Game in 2022. So there was a little bit
more of a sightline for those walking on the concourse.

In my initial review of Dodger Stadium, I noted that it may be my
favorite park of all the ones I've been to, and I think this still
holds true. While the second visit was slightly less exciting, it was
still a very good experience. We sat in section LG 153, which is on
the second deck on the third base side. I noticed the stadium used the
term "loge" to describe this section, which piqued my interest. In my
visit to Fenway Park, we were treated to loge boxes, which had very
small sections and provided an incredibly easy entry and exit from
your seats. The rows in Fenway were 8 seats, which was split in half
with a metal railing, so it was effectively only 4 seats. Dodger
Stadium's loge seats were also 8 seats to a row, but they weren't
split in half with a railing like Fenway's were. I was happy to see
these seats in another stadium, and I still argue that there should be
more of them around baseball. While I think I prefer Fenway's layout,
of the split 8, the continuous 8 at Dodger Stadium were still
excellent. Another neat touch the Dodgers add is in the simple but
elegant numbering system of the sections. All sections on the third
base side are odd-numbered, and all on the first base side are
even-numbered. This makes it so much easier to find your seats. In
almost all other ballparks I've been to, the sections just start at 1
and count up. While this seems logical, the first solution isn't
always the best. The Dodgers improve on this by letting you know
almost immediately upon entering the stadium, roughly where your seats
are, narrowing your search by half. This is an incredibly effective
solution to making sure fans know where they need to go without having
to direct them around a ton. Our seats had a great view, and I'm
starting to believe that the second deck in ballparks are home to my
favorite seats. It's a perfect middle ground between the closeness of
the field level and the view of the upper deck, keeping you close to
the action but not sacrificing the view.

Regarding the food situation, I got some chicken strips and fries from
Sweet Chick, which were quite good, definitely better than T-Mobile
Park's chicken strips. It made me realize how much worse T-Mobile's
food quality has gotten. It's not even a situation of quality over
quantity at Dodger Stadium either, as they have a huge variety of
selections that all sounded extremely good. So I don't understand
what's going on with the food situation at T-Mobile Park, but when
you're paying that much for food, it better be at least halfway
decent.

Mookie Betts hit a leadoff home run in the bottom of the first, which
he also did in my first visit to Dodger Stadium. The Dodgers scored
again in the 2nd, also on a run driven in by Mookie, but it was only a
deep sacrifice fly instead of the grand slam I thought it might be off
the bat. Betts flew out to center again later in the game, and was
seeing the ball well that night. The Astros tied the game on
back-to-back home runs by Mauricio Dubón and Kyle Tucker in the top of
the 4th, but the Dodgers took the lead right back in the bottom of the
frame. Unfortunately, there would be no more scoring and the final
score was 3-2. The 2021 game at Dodger Stadium was much more
interesting, but this one was still a good experience. The Dodger fans
were still VERY loud with their boos for the 2017 Astros, who at this
point really boiled down to just Jose Altuve and Alex Bregman. There
were also some "cheater" chants at one point in the game. Following
the game, the Dodgers put on a fireworks show, which they seemingly do
every Friday night after a home game. This show was themed after the
release of the new Indiana Jones and the Dial of Destiny film, which
was set to hit theaters only a week after this game. They played a few
songs from the movies, but overall the show was pretty underwhelming
in my opinion. It was way shorter than I was expecting, but it was
still decent enough. After all, the fireworks were solely a bonus
anyway.

In conclusion, another good experience at Dodger Stadium. Of all the
parks I've been to, this one especially I'd love to take a group of
friends to someday. There's a large plaza beyond the outfield where
people can just mingle and eat food, which is excellent. I imagine I
will return to Dodger Stadium again sometime within the next few years
or so.
