Well, in the road trip between the Sunday Night Baseball game and this
August 23rd game, the Mariners went 1-8, getting swept by the Tigers,
losing 2 of 3 from the Pirates and getting swept by the Dodgers. It
was virtually the worst case scenario given how the Astros had been
playing. They were now 5 games back of the Astros after the Dodgers
sweep.

While many fans online were requesting it, the Mariners opted to fire
longtime manager Scott Servais. Given his close relationship with
Jerry Dipoto, many believed that they were a package deal and one
wouldn't go without the other. However, this was the decision Jerry
made, along with hiring former Mariners catcher Dan Wilson as manager.
This was a surprising hire, as Dan had only managed in extremely
limited opportunities in the minors, like a week or two as an interim
at most. So giving him the full time manager tag was both surprising
and questionable.

The game started off poorly for the Mariners, as Giants first baseman
LaMonte Wade Jr. went deep to give San Francisco an early 1-0 lead.
The Giants built on that lead in the top of the 4th with a two-run
bomb from Michael Conforto, with Heliot Ramos aboard. During this time
the Mariners had given themselves scoring opportunities, putting
runners on nearly every inning. They left the bases loaded in the 3rd,
and two runners on in the 4th. They finally broke through in the 5th,
but it was just a solo homer from Luke Raley.

The Giants continued to add on in the 6th, with another two run bomb,
this time from Heliot Ramos with LaMonte Wade Jr. aboard. With the
score now 5-1, and given the Mariners terrible road trip, the odds of
them coming back to win seemed pretty slim.

However, they weren't zero. In the bottom of the 8th, Giants manager
Bob Melvin turned to Tyler Rogers. He gave up a single to Jorge
Polanco to lead off the inning, and following was another single from
Mitch Haniger. Justin Turner came in with a single of his own, and
then Josh Rojas followed for the 4th straight single. All of a sudden,
this was a two-run game. With Rogers now having faced his minimum
three hitters, it would have made sense to take him out. Despite that,
Melvin left him in for another hitter. Leo Rivas punished that mistake
with yet another single, the 5th in a row. I thought for sure that
Rogers would be taken out now, but no, he was left in, and gave up yet
another single, this time to Luke Raley. The Mariners had come all the
way back, completely dead in the water, with six straight singles to
tie the game up at 5-5 in the 8th inning.

Melvin finally replaced Rogers, and Ryan Walker came in and retired
the next three hitters. Dan Wilson turned to Mariners closer Andres
Munoz to keep the game close, and he did just that with three straight
strikeouts. Unfortunately, Ryan Walker matched that against the
Mariners hitters in the bottom of the 9th. Into extra innings we went.

Collin Snider, who had come out of nowhere and become really excellent
out of the Mariners bullpen, took care of the Giants easily in the top
of the 10th, intentionally walking LaMonte Wade Jr. but retiring the
other three hitters around him.

In the bottom of the 10th, the Mariners put Dylan Moore on at 2nd to
pinch run for Justin Turner. While Josh Rojas lead off with a
strikeout, Moore stole 3rd while Leo Rivas was at bat. After working
the count to 2-2, Rivas lined a single into center to win the game for
the Mariners. After one of the worst road trips in recent memory, the
Mariners had an incredible comeback win to start off this important
homestand, while also netting Dan Wilson his first managerial victory.
