Well how about that, back at the stadium only two days later. I
never go to two games this close to each other, and still haven't gone
to back-to-back games in Seattle yet. However, only a few weeks prior
to this game, it was announced that the Mariners would be hosting
Sunday Night Baseball on ESPN for the first time in literally 20
years. Given that schedule change, my dad and I decided to go.

After winning Friday's game, the Mariners had a slightly less dominant
but still convincing 4-0 win on Saturday. Like Friday's game, the
Mariners scored in the 2nd inning, with a solo home run from Jorge
Polanco. After that, neither team scored for a while, but the Mets
were racking up baserunners on Mariners starter Luis Castillo,
increasing his pitch count by quite a bit.

The Mariners however managed to add to their lead in the bottom of the
5th. Dominic Canzone began the inning with a ground rule double. Leo
Rivas followed that up with a sac bunt to move him over to 3rd, and
two batters later, Randy Arozarena drove Canzone home. Cal Raleigh
then followed him up with a two run bomb, to extend the Mariners lead
to 4-0.

To this point, the Mariners hadn't allowed a single run to the Mets
all series. However, that shutout streak ended as Jeff McNeil hit a
homer to right field to put the Mets on the board.

To begin the 6th, the Mets put in Ryne Stanek, who was a Mariner
earlier in the season. While the move to trade him to the Mets seemed
like somewhat of a mini salary dump, Stanek never really found it with
the Mariners, and was not a reliable solution for the 8th inning as
once hoped. The inning began with a double from Jorge Polanco, with a
walk to Luke Raley, a wild pitch to advance them both, and then a Walk
to Josh Rojas. This was the Ryne Stanek that the Mariners were used to
seeing. While he would allow baserunners, sometimes he would get out
of it, sometimes he wouldn't. Dominic Canzone struck out for the first
out, putting the Mariners only a double play away from coming away
with no runs. Fortunately, Leo Rivas once again came in clutch to
drive in Jorge Polanco on a single that moved everyone along 90 feet.
That would be it for Stanek, as Mets manager Carlos Mendoza turned to
Adam Ottavino to record the final two outs of the inning. While he did
ultimately do that, he gave up a single to Victor Robles that scored 2
more (1 of those from a throwing error), and Cal Raleigh hit another
home run to extend the Mariners lead to an absurd 10-1.

That wasn't even the end of the Mariners scoring either, as they
pushed 2 more runs across in the bottom of the 7th, with a bases
loaded walk to Victor Robles, and a bases loaded hit by pitch to Randy
Arozarena. Cal Raleigh was then up again, but he flew out to end that
inning. Despite it now being a 12-1 game, it almost seems like the
Mariners could have scored even more in that inning. However, given
the Mariners offensive woes, there was no way I would be upset with 12
runs.

With the game firmly in hand, the Mariners turned to rookie Troy
Taylor to finish the game in his major league debut. He was a call up
from AA to help bolster the Mariners bullpen, which was admittedly
less dominant than years past. Despite allowing a walk, he struck out
two batters, including pinch hitter Tyrone Taylor for the final out of
the game. This concluded an absolutely dominant sweep by the Mariners,
as they outscored the Mets by an incredible 22-1. Given the lackluster
series against the Tigers, there was hope that this would set the
Mariners up well for their upcoming 3-city roadtrip.
