The final game of our 3-game trip. My second visit to Guaranteed Rate
Field, almost a decade after the first one.

Given the competition they were facing, I was very much expecting the
Astros to win this game. At this point in the season, the White Sox
had a 19-54 record, the very worst in Major League Baseball. However,
we were in for a great surprise.

I'll start out by saying we were sitting in the 300 level, which is
the club level for Guaranteed Rate Field. There were some old guys
around us, including one who went to his first White Sox game in
*1957*. He had some great stories. I asked him what he missed most
about the old park, and he said the organist, saying she would sit in
the left field corner by the foul pole with a great view of the field.

The game went at a quick pace, as both pitchers were working
quite efficiently. The White Sox scraped a run together as Astros
starter Framber Valdez lost his control, as he walked a couple guys
and uncorked a wild pitch to load the bases. Andrew Vaughn grounded
into a force out, scoring the run but resulting in an out. That would
be the only run scored in the inning, as Luis Robert Jr. followed with
a double play to end the inning.

The game continued at the previous pace, before Framber Valdez lost
his control again in the 5th. He started off the inning throwing 11
straight balls, resulting in 3 walks with only 1 out. Andrew Vaughn
was up again, with the bases loaded again, and grounded into a
run-scoring forceout again. Luis Robert Jr. again followed with the
final out of the inning.

As the White Sox maintained their lead, it was becoming increasingly
apparent just how well rookie Jonathan Cannon was handling the Astros.
He completed 7 shutout innings, which by itself was an incredible
feat. However, he came back out for the 8th, which made sense but also
surprised me a little bit. He proceeded to retire the side in order,
making it 8 shutout innings. At this point my dad and the older guy
behind us were debating whether or not White Sox manager Pedro Grifol
would keep Cannon in the game. The older guy thought he would be taken
out, my dad thought he would be left in, and I thought he *should* be
left in, but that Grifol would ultimately replace him for the 9th. My
dad proved to be correct, as Cannon trotted back out there to start
the 9th. Given how terrible the White Sox bullpen is, it made the most
sense for him to be the one on the mound. 

Cannon got two quick outs to begin the 9th. He was only one out away
from his first career complete game, a shutout against the Houston
Astros. Unfortunately, those would be the final two outs he'd record.
He gave up a swinging bunt base hit to Jon Singleton, followed by more
soft contact from Mauricio Dubón. With the go-ahead run coming to the
plate, you had to take him out of the game, which is exactly what
Pedro Grifol did. Despite how terrible the guy behind us said John
Brebbia is, he came in to record the final out to secure the shutout
against the Astros for the White Sox 20th win of the season.
