I had seen 29 of the 30 MLB teams play in person, and the New York
Mets were team #30. It took me a little over a decade, but I had now
seen every team play in person. It will be much easier for someone to
accomplish this now, since every team is virtually guaranteed to host
all 29 other teams within 2 seasons based on the new schedule; before
you'd be lucky to get a chance at all other 29 within 6 seasons.

Anyway, since the last game I'd attended, the Mariners had peaked.
They held a 10 game lead in first place in late June. However, since
then they had allowed the Astros to completely eliminate that 10 game
lead, as the two teams were tied for first in the division going into
this Friday night game.

The Mariners were in the final series of a 3 game homestand, winning
the first series against the Philadelphia Phillies, but losing the second one
(while narrowly avoiding a sweep) to the Detroit Tigers. The Mets had
almost an identical record, but had been behind the powerhouse
Phillies all year. However, they were also very much in the hunt for a
playoff spot, acquiring some pieces in a trade deadline that I think
many expected them to sell at the beginning of the year.

The Mariners scored early in the game, with a two run homer from Ryan
Bliss with Mitch Haniger aboard. However, there was no scoring after
that for several innings. Having seen the Mariners lose so many games
only scoring 2 or 3 runs, I was entirely unconvinced this would be
enough, even for their great pitching staff.

Speaking of pitching, Bryce Miller went a solid 6 innings, striking
out 6 and walking only 1 with 87 pitches.

The Mariners had not given themselves really any opportunities to
score again, netting zero baserunners from the 3rd through the 6th
inning. However, in the 7th inning, they finally got a couple. Mitch
Garver began the inning with a walk, and Dylan Moore followed with a
single to push him to second. After that, Mitch Haniger and Ryan Bliss
both recorded outs, putting the Mariners dangerously close from
blowing their first real opportunity all game to score with multiple
runners on. Up next was shortstop Leo Rivas, who had been filling in
for the injured J.P. Crawford. I will admit I was not a fan of letting
him hit, thinking they should put in a pinch hitter for him. However,
after working himself into a full count, Rivas grounded a single into
right field to score Garver and Haniger. He then proceeded to steal
2nd and 3rd, with a walk between each steal. Cal Raleigh then drove in
two more runs with a single of his own, putting the score at 6-0 with
the Mariners now very much in control of this game.

Austin Voth and Trent Thornton pitched the 8th and 9th innings,
allowing 3 hits between them but maintaining the shutout as the
Mariners won by that score of 6-0.

Following the game, there was a fireworks show, advertised as one with
"family favorite songs", which really just meant Disney songs. Pretty
misleading that they advertised it that way, but it was probably to
avoid copyright stuff.
