The Cincinnati Reds were one of the three teams remaining in MLB that
I hadn't yet seen in person, the other two being the Atlanta Braves
and New York Mets. Fortunately, all three come to Seattle this year. I
opted for the Tuesday night game as it worked the best with the
schedule of the friend I went with.

The Mariners had a bad first few weeks of the season. They weren't
hitting, and their pitching was also not doing well. Just bad vibes
all around. However, the prior night they won 9-3 on Jackie Robinson
Day, with the 9 runs being by far their season high total.

Logan Gilbert was the starting pitcher, and had been pretty dominant
in his few starts so far. The night began with him striking out the
side in order, and right away I knew it was gonna be a good night for
him.

After getting some traffic in the 3rd and failing to score, the
Mariners got on the board in the 4th with a double from Jonatan Clase,
playing in just his second big league game.

The Reds answered right back with a run in the top of the 5th off a
groundout. However, the Mariners themselves answered back in the
bottom of the 5th with a bases-loaded walk to take the lead, which
they would not relinquish. They scored one more time in the bottom of
the 6th on a single from Mitch Haniger, to put the score at 3-1.

Gilbert pitched 6.2 brilliant innings, allowing only the single run
while striking out six. Andres Munoz replaced him, and did his job by
striking out three in 1.1 innings. Ryne Stanek was sent out in the 9th
to finish the game, but he didn't quite get there. He walked the first
batter, induced flyouts from the next two, but Jake Fraley worked a
6-pitch at bat, before hitting a weak ground ball to the first baseman
Ty France. Ty tossed it to Ryne Stanek, who had to dive to try and tag
the runner in time. Unfortunately he was called safe originally, and
upon review the call stood. Watching the replay, it did look like he
was safe. Stanek was also a little shaken up after the dive. He threw
a few warmup pitches, and seemed to be fine, but walked the next
batter to load the bases. Scott Servais opted to go with lefty Tayler
Saucedo to get the final out, which he did on the third flyout of the
inning to secure the win for the Mariners.

It was the first series win of the year for the Mariners, and they
even ended up sweeping the series. They carried this momentum into
Colorado, where they took 2 of 3 from a downtrodden Rockies team.
Hopefully this is a sign of good things to come for the club.
