As I alluded to in the log for the game in May, that proved to not be
the final time I would see the Blue Jays play in Seattle this year.
Despite finishing with identical records, the Blue Jays took care of
the Yankees handily in 4 games in the ALDS, the first time they had so
much as won a postseason series with this core of players, partially
thanks to the Mariners who shocked them with that incredible comeback
in Game 2 of the 2022 Wild Card Series. On the Mariners side of
things, they had a back and forth series with Detroit which
ultimately required a Game 5, which the Mariners as a franchise were
no stranger to. While needing 15 innings to do it, the Mariners did
come home with the series victory with a walkoff hit by Jorge Polanco,
cementing himself as a postseason hero.

After that long game Friday, the Mariners gathered themselves to fly
to Toronto to play a game on Sunday. In a game most thought the Blue
Jays would take just due to the extra rest, the Mariners seemingly
sole Game 1, and decidedly took Game 2 as well, entering Seattle with
an excellent 2-0 series lead in search of their first ever World
Series berth.

Unfortunately, the script flipped in this game. The Blue Jays scored a
ton of runs off George Kirby, who only completed 4 innings yielding 8
runs. While the Mariners did get a brief 2-0 lead in the 1st, the Blue
Jays scored 5 in the 3rd and never looked back.

The Mariners did grab a couple more runs in the 8th thanks to a couple
of solo homers, but failed to string hits together as the Blue Jays
did. The Jays also simply hit more homers with 5 compared to the
Mariners 3.

The Blue Jays went on to win Game 4 as well, and despite the Mariners
winning it late in Game 5 to take a 3-2 series lead to Toronto, the
Blue Jays ultimately took the series in 7 games.

The Mariners were without their best starter Bryan Woo for most of the
postseason. He did pitch a little in relief, but did not start a game
which would have made a huge difference and might have been the
difference between a World Series appearance and losing the ALCS in 7
games. 

The Blue Jays took the Dodgers to 7 games as well, and got their
hearts broken as well, being 2 outs from closing the series out before
the Dodgers tied it and won it in extra innings, being the first team
in over two decades to repeat as champions.

Overall a great season for the Mariners, made it as far as they've
ever been in the postseason and set up well to repeat that success the
next year if everything went right. The starting pitching, which was
long thought of as the Mariners biggest strength, was only decent as
they dealt with many injuries and were down a starting pitcher
basically the entire season.
