After an incredible weekend in Houston where the Mariners took all 3
games from the Astros, they were in the drivers seat heading into
their 3-game series with the historically terrible Colorado Rockies.

In game 1, they secured their postseason spot with a W. In game 2,
they clinched their first division title in over two decades with a
decisive victory, including 2 more home runs from Cal Raleigh,
bringing his total to 60 where it would end for the season.

Unfortunately, I attended game 3 where all they clinched was merely a
90-win season, which they had done in both 2021 and 2022, so no major
celebration here. While not cemented yet, the Mariners were pretty
well positioned to get the #2 seed in the league, guaranteeing a bye
past the Wild Card round that they had to play in back in 2022. In
fact, they were really the only team in the American League who had
any kind of certainty where their postseason seed would land. The
Yankees, Blue Jays, and Red Sox were all still close enough that the
AL East had not been clinched yet, and the Guardians were in the
process of seizing the AL Central from the Tigers who had lead all
season. Ultimately, the Blue Jays would take the East by tiebreaker,
and the Yankees would face the Red Sox in the Wild Card series, while
the Guardians won the division outright from the Tigers by a single
game.

The Mariners finished with exactly 90 wins, as they got swept aside by
the eventual World Series Champion Dodgers in the final series of the
season, but that was honestly fine as their main goal was to come out
of the series healthy, which they did. While it wasn't sustained here,
the Mariners did have one crucial injury which would impact their
postseason run dramatically.
