The Mariners retired Ichiro's #51 before the game, he gave a great
speech, including encouraging the players to "Seize the Moment", which
became a slogan for the rest of the season.

Logan Evans started again, turning in a start of 5.1 innings allowing
3 runs, another start to give the Mariners a good chance to win. He
actually threw two more pitches (90) vs the 88 from the 8 inning start
which is interesting.

First base had been a chaotic rotation of Rowdy Tellez, Donovan
Solano, and Luke Raley, none of which had performed particularly well.
As a result, the Mariners went out and acquired Josh Naylor from the
Diamondbacks, who immediately became a fan favorite and played at
first every day providing excellent offense and great energy. While
not scoring or driving in any runs in this game, he did notch a stolen
base, something he started doing out of nowhere despite being one of
the slowest players in the game.

The Mariners also re-acquired fan favorite Eugenio Suarez to play
third base, to help round out the offense more as he was in the midst
of perhaps his best offensive season, which included a 4-homer game
and a similar home run total overall to Cal Raleigh's career year.
While he did not play as well down the stretch as hoped, he did
provide some big moments and is a great clubhouse guy. The Mariners
also traded away their presumed first baseman of the future in this
deal, calling into question how they would proceed with that position
after the season when Josh Naylor became a free agent.

Mariners jumped all over Tampa Bay starter Joe Boyle, scoring 6 of
their 7 runs off him within the first 3 innings. Your typical suspects
of Julio and Cal homered, though it was Julio this time who went deep
twice. That second Julio bomb made it back to back with Cal's 3 run
shot.

After taking a 6-1 lead into the 6th, the Rays did get 3 more back for
a 6-4 lead, but the Mariners widened the gap again with 1 more run in
the bottom of the inning to cement the final score of 7-4.
