The Mariners had gotten off to a bad start. Their 3 projected best
hitters in Cal, Julio, and Josh Naylor were not hitting at all. The
bottom of the lineup was actually producing quite well, with Luke
Raley being the best hitter on the team to this point, but Canzone,
and Cole Young were putting together great at bats with hard contact.
Randy Arozarena was also very steady, but he was batting in the 5th
spot, behind Cal, Julio and Naylor. Brendan Donovan had been playing
excellently from the leadoff spot, getting on base almost every game,
but the 2-3-4 hitters would never follow up with anything and Donovan
had now been getting dinged up which required sitting several games,
first with a leg injury, then with a cold, and finally with a hip or
back thing. None of these were IL stints, but still slightly
concerning for your leadoff hitter.

While they split the 4-game series against Cleveland, they dropped 2/3
from the Yankees at home, 2/3 from the Angels in Anaheim, swept by the
Rangers in Texas. They briefly gathered themselves to mop the Astros
at home by taking advantage of their beleaguered and wild pitching
staff, before going to San Diego and getting swept there as well,
including a 9th inning explosion where a 6-2 lead turned into a 7-6
Padres walk off victory. They had also dropped the first game against
this series at home vs the Rangers. Their offense had been a problem
for sure, scoring 2 or fewer runs in all those losses since the Angels
series, with the exception of that 7-6 Padres win and a 8-7 Angels win
(also a walkoff). So while they could have feasibly won 2 more games,
the pitiful offense was the core problem here.

Fortunately the Mariners appeared to begin to regather themselves in
this game. They scored immediately in the bottom of the 1st inning
with a double from J.P. Crawford batting leadoff with Donovan out, and
a single by Julio to drive him in. The Mariners would never give that
lead back all game. Canzone singled in two more runs in the 4th,
pushing it to a 3-1 lead. While the Rangers Josh Jung closed the gap
with a solo shot, the Mariners got that right back with a Luke Raley
home run, to make it a 4-1 game.

George Kirby started this game, and pitched excellently giving up just
that 1 run in 5.2 innings. Starting pitching had been the Mariners
greatest strength (as expected) and it continued with this start by
George.

The scoring stopped until the 8th inning, when the Mariners added on
some much needed insurance with a Cole Young single to drive in 2, and
a Leo Rivas sac fly, making it a 7-1 game.

With a massive lead, mop up man Cole Wilcox was brought in to get the
final 3 outs of the game, which he was ultimately unable to do. The
inning went single, strikeout, single, walk, then a foul pop fly to
score a run to make it 7-2, though with 2 outs by this point. Despite
being a strike away on the following two hitters, he surrendered a
double to score 1 more and then a walk to load the bases which forced
Dan Wilson's hand to bring in Andres Munoz to get the final out of the
game. Unlike the game in San Diego, Munoz easily got the final out
with a strkeout of hot-hitting Brandon Nimmo, sealing a much needed
win for the Mariners.
