This season had the highest expectations of any as long as I've been a
Mariners fan. Coming off the ALCS loss, the Mariners more or less
immediately signed Josh Naylor to a five-year free agent deal, as he
was their top priority for the offseason, and for good reason. He hit
well in Seattle, and really genuinely liked playing here, citing the
love from the fans as a big reason.

While postseason hero Jorge Polanco departed, it made sense given he
was going to command more money than the Mariners wanted to spend on
him. He was originally re-signed to play third base, but that never
worked out because of injury. He split time at DH and second base,
playing more at the latter position as time went on, but the Mariners
had a lot of faith in Cole Young at that position going into 2026, and
they had other hitters who could fulfill the DH role just fine.

Eugenio Suarez also departed, also for good reason with his lackluster
performance after the trade back to the Mariners. That left the spot
with Ben Williamson's to take back going into 2026. However, for
months on end it was rumored that the Mariners would acquire utility
player Brendan Donovan from the Cardinals, which they did only shortly
before the start of spring training. In doing so, they gave up
Williamson in a 3 team deal that involved the Rays (because of course
it did) along with two other top prospects. While the names given up
were notable, the Mariners had plenty of prospects and they couldn't
keep holding onto all of them. While Donovan had played mostly second
in St. Louis, he would enter the season as their primary third
baseman. He has an excellent work ethic which seemed like he would be
able to learn the position.

Donovan was also penciled in as the Mariners leadoff hitter, and he
wasted no time by homering on the first pitch he saw to open the
season. Dominic Canzone followed up with a home run himself, his first
of two for the day in the 2nd inning. Luke Raley, finally healthy
after a poor 2025, notched the third bomb of the day for the Mariners,
before Canzone notched the 4th and final shot in the 7th.

While 4 homers is great, no baserunners when they were hit is not.
While Logan Gilbert pitched a respectable 5.1 innings yielding only 3
runs, the Mariners fell to the Guardians as Jose Ramirez doubled in 2
that gave them the lead for good. Not a great opening day but crowd
was excellent and game experience still good overall.
